''Accurate'': Wikiquote aims for accuracy. Where possible, we try to cite sources: preferably those in which the quotation first appears, otherwise notable attribution of the quotations. We try to find those quotes which are misattributed, clearly label them and research how the misattribution came about.
''Comprehensive'': Wikiquote aims to have quotes from many different people, literary works, films, memorials, epitaphs and so on.
''Notable'': We limit ourselves to quotations which are notable. A quotation can be notable either because it has achieved fame by itself, but more usually because it was said by someone notable, or appeared in a notable work.
''Quotations'': Wikiquote is a collection of quotations. While, for completeness, articles should have a short introduction of the topic or source, the primary goal is to include quotations.
'''Follow rules.'''  If we follow these rules we are able to make a better collection of quotes:
&quot;Wikipedia knows all, and what it doesn't know, you can tell it.&quot; &amp;ndash; Shaye Horwitz
&quot;Possibly the greatest idea of the Computer Age.&quot; &amp;ndash; BritishWebWorld magazine
Always, always, always, read the directions.
A balanced diet is a biscuit in each hand.
A program with a colorful GUI is like a woman with too much makeup. Shiny on the outside - awful on the inside.
A real man doesn't cry. He whines.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder, for somebody else.
Absence makes the heart go wander.
Absence makes the strong hearts fonder and the weak eyes wander.
All airs and no graces makes you a dull boy.
All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing.
All true wisdom is found on t-shirts
All generalizations are false.
Almost anything is easier to get into than out of.
An adult bears the emblemless marks of experience, not the delusive corrugations of age.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
Anything not worth doing is worth not doing well.
Architecture is the art of wasting space.
Art is not a thing, it is a position one takes.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
As you move through life, set aside good ideas and give them to others to encourage and inspire.
The first victim of ''anger'' is the ''angry'' man.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, but sometimes you may have to give a stupid, or misinformed beholder a black eye.
Beauty is only skin deep.  But, ugly is to the bone.  Beauty fades away, while ugly holds its own.
Behind every great man, there is his ass.
Better to have failed your Wassermann test than to have never loved at all.
Believing isn't Seeing, Seeing is Believing.
Build something that's foolproof, and only a fool will use it.
Culture is to make a nice drinking bowl from one's enemy's skull. Civilization is to go to prison for that.
Don't always look at the brighter side you may go blind
&quot;Everything before 'but' is bull...&quot;
Faith is a journey, not a guilt trip.
Faith is antonymous with logic.
Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs.
Five out of four people have problems with fractions.
For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
For the common man can do nothing: The fact he undertakes the task makes him uncommon.
For him that stealeth, or borroweth and returneth not, this book from its owner, let it change into a serpent in his hand and rend him. Let him be struck with palsy, and all his members blasted. Let him languish in pain, crying aloud for mercy, and let there be no surcease to this agony till he sing in dissolution. Let bookworms gnaw his entrails...and when at last he goeth to his final punishment, let the flames of Hell consume him forever. - anonymous  &quot;curse&quot; on book thieves from the monastery of San Pedro, Barcelona, Spain
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
Fish are like visitors; they start to smell after three days.
Getting hit in the nuts is funny until it happens to you.
Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
Go long or go home.
God doesn't need our worship. Doesn't he have enough?
God is man's way of glorifying his own importance.
God is Polish, someone might as well be.
God said &quot;Let Newton be&quot; and then there was light.
God said to Jesus, &quot;come fourth in to heaven&quot; but Jesus came fifth and won a dvd player...   
Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night:
God said to Moses 'COME FORTH' - Moses came fifth.
Good friends are like stars, you don't always see them but you know they are always there.
Government philosophy: If it ain't broke, fix it 'til it is.
Greatest gift one man can give another; the awesome responsibility of freedom.
Guns and roses, make but poses.
Half of the harm that is done in this world is due to people who want to feel important.
Happiness is being married to your best friend.
He who is silent speaks volumes.
He wields a badminton racquet as most would wield a samurai sword: two-handed, and badly.
He's like Johnny Vegas, in Johnny Vegas' body.
History shows that life is the cheapest commodity.
Honk, if you have a horn.
He's a man of few words...a few words every ten seconds.
A Human is a collection of desires, rationality is to know how many one can satisfy.
Here lies Les Moore, four slugs from a .44, no Les no Moore (&quot;Tombstone&quot; movie gravemarker)
I go to school to gain knowledge. Knowledge is power. Power corrupts. I go to school to become corrupt.
If it is to be it is up to me.
If practice makes perfect, and nobody is perfect, then why practice?
If it looks like there's nothing to worry about, that's when you really have to worry.
I am completely racist against idiots.
I always finish what I...
I am not a crook...I am however a long staff with one end being hook shaped.
I code, therefore I am.
I do not forgive.
I don't fear death; it's re-incarnation I dread.
I don't have an attitude problem: you have a perception problem!
I don't know who this &quot;Anonymous&quot; guy was, but he sure said a lot!
I don't know, so maybe I'm not. (Saw it on a T-shirt)
I don't need your attitude, I have one of my own!
I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it!
If life is love and love is life, why am I.
If you're too open minded your brains will fall out.
If you are not over minded you forget your P's and Q's
I hate to see you leave, but I love to watch you go. (Quote from movie &quot;Face Off&quot;)
It happened how it happened, and it couldn't have happened any other way.
Intelligent insults are too often wasted on the uncommonly stupid.
I ''love'' people who pave the way for me. 
I Facebooked your mom last night.
I feel bad staring without buying a ticket.
I feel like a passenger, being driven down the roads i don't wish to go down.
I have an idea! .... Oh, wait...no, that was just a tumor.
I know exactly what is right and what is wrong...I just don't care.
I like big words, and I shall not prevaricate.
I swear: God has a vendetta against me. Perhaps, it is because I refuse to believe in Him.
I think, and that is just about all I can say for sure, I think.
I think, therefore I am wrong.
I think, therefore I am... I think.
I think, I think, therefore I may possibly be... 
I think, therefore I am...therefore you don't exist.
I think, there for I am...not related to you.
It's the horse you are the most unwilling to ride that will take you the furthest.
I used to think I was indecisive...but now I'm not so sure.
I was born intelligent. But, education ruined me.
I will not suffer fools gladly.
I would insult you, but you're not bright enough.
I would rather die on my feet than live on my knees - Zapata
I'd rather have a full bottle in front of me than a full frontal lobotomy.
I'll be there for you...until I find someone new.
I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter.
I'm having amnesia and déjà vu at the same time. I think I have forgotten this before!
I'm not a genius, I just read that off the sign behind you.
I'm not as stupid as you look.
I'm not as think as you drunk I am. - Major Margaret Houlihan, MASH.
I'm on top of the world and afraid of heights.
I'm spending money I don't have, on things I don't need, with people that I don't like ~ Possibly Callum Ashdown
If intelligence had anything to do with the voting process, then all the smart people would vote the same.
If you find yourself goin one step forward and two steps back.....turn around.
If you've never seen a shotgun being fired then HONK LOUDLY!
If your glass is half empty, fill it.
. . . In social darwinism, not surviving does not mean literally dying. It can mean being poor, for example. Now, in real evolution, a poor man does not simply say &quot;good job&quot; and take his minimum wage. He picks up his rifle and takes a higher wage by force. That is what I hate about commies and capitalists- They don't realize they are the same God damned thing- 'Its mine!' Capitalism is a rich man saying it. Communism is a poor man saying it. 
I've learned that it takes years to build up trust, and it only takes suspicion, not proof, to destroy it.
If 'pro' is the opposite of 'con', what is the opposite of 'progress'?  ~  Possibly by Mark Twain.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
If at first you don't succeed, don't take up sky-diving.
If at first you don't succeed, bomb defusal is not for you.
If it's worth fighting for...it's worth fighting dirty for.
If I’m going down I’m taking somebody with me.
If someone says that impossible is nothing, ask him to dribble an (American) football.
If the left half of the brain controls the right hand, and the right half the left, than left-handed people are the only ones in their right minds.
If the sheep and wolves have votes, then the election is probably fixed.
If the sheep vote, then so must the wolves. ~ Punk aphorism.
If the world didn't suck, we'd all fall off.
If voting changed anything it would be illegal.
If winners never quit, and quitters never win, what loser came up with quit while you're ahead?
If you can't appreciate it, you don't deserve it.
If you can't dazzle them with your intelligence, baffle them with your bull@#&amp;$
If you cannot win, make the one ahead of you break the record.
If you don't like relationships that end, why start them in the first place?
If you love something, you hold onto it until your arms are wrenched from your sockets... and then... then you put it in a scissors hold.
If you speed like lightning, you’ll crash like thunder
In God we trust, all others we monitor.
In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
In the beginning there was nothing. And the Lord said 'Let There Be Light!' And still there was nothing, but at least now you could see it.
In the nursery rhyme 'Humpty Dumpty' where does it say that he's an egg?
Inside every fat person, is an even fatter person eating their way out.
Instant clever: just add Latin.
It always feels better to walk on the path you made yourself.
It doesn't matter whether you view the glass as half full or half empty, there's still only half a glass' worth there. 
It has been brought to my attention lately that I appear to be larger than life; but, I am certain, life will outgrow me in time.
It is better to keep people at arms length than it is to keep people at knives length.
It is difficult to understand how a pyramid is built from sitting on the top of it.
It is never too early to sow the seeds of sycophancy.
It is not ignorance that is the problem, but the illusion of knowledge.
It is only funny until someone gets hurt. Then it's hilarious.
It is our duty to consider such lunacy.
It takes skill to climb the corporate ladder on your knees.
It's been a long week today.
It's better to wear out than to rust out. (Richard Chamberland)
It's difficult to notice the ground beneath your feet, when you're trying to touch the stars.
It's hard to answer what's wrong... when nothing is right.
It's like they're there telling me the doctor will see me as long as I sit in the waiting room all day and don't read anything.
It's mind over matter. You don't mind, it don't matter.
It's not a bug, it's a feature.
It's not how much you love her, its how much you would care when she leaves you.
It's not the fall that kills you — it's the sudden stop at the end.
It's not the size of the dog in the fight; it's the size of the fight in the dog.
It's physically impossible to be as dumb as you look.
It doesn't matter how hard you believe something or how many people believe it: it doesn't make it true.
It's the devil inside me that I don't trust.''The Italian Job''
I always mean what I say but I don't always say what I mean. (I may have made that one up)
Is my proper tie? -- Tom Verlaine, singer in the band that changed music forever; Television
If you can't convince, confuse!
Insanity: Expect different results by doing things the same way day in and day out.
If your wish to change sour papaya into sweet ones, you need to change the way you grow papaya.
Individuality is a cliché
I'm going to live forever. Or die trying.
I'm so hungry I could eat a horse.
I'm so tired I could sleep a horse.
I swear to drunk I'm not god
I'm there when you think im gone. I'm gone when you think im there.
Jackass! - This is probably a reference to the movie Happy Gilmore, when Donald (Joe Flaherty) makes repeated attempts to distract Happy's (Adam Sandler) golf game.
Just because you are chained to the porch doesn’t mean you can’t bark at the cars.
Jesus loves you. Everyone else thinks you're an ass@&amp;!$.
Jesus saves. He passes to Moses. Moses shoots - he scores!!!
Jesus saves. Moses invests.
Jesus was a black hippie.
Jesus saves. The rest of you take 6d10 damage.
Jesus saves. When he shops at Wal-Mart
Jeez, drive this car any '''slower''' and we'll be able to witness the Rapture.
Justice without power is incompetence. Power without justice is also incompetence.
Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in.
Karma spares no one.
Kidding: code for &quot;serious&quot;.
Kill someone you're a murderer, kill a million you're a king.
Kill one man, you're a killer, ten you're a monster, one hundred you're a hero, ten thousand you're a conqueror!
Knowledge brings fear
Knowledge has never been known to enter the head through an open mouth.
Knowledge is power. Power corrupts. Study hard. Be evil.
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens. --Jimi Hendrix—Variation of ancient native-American saying: The smart man talks, the wise man listens.
Kinda like Running as fast as you can to stay in the same spot.
Knowledge is knowing something, wisdom is knowing what to do with that knowledge.
Laziness is the driving force of the progress. ~  Variant ~ Laziness is the mother of invention 
Laziness travels so slowly that poverty soonly overtakes him.
Less is more. Source: Architect Mies Van der Rohe.
Life begins at uni, and then again at forty; so, look on the bright side: with that many lives, probability dictates you'll get laid at least once.
Life does not have a happy ending.
Life has no opinion.
Life is a gun. Without bullets, it won't shoot.
Life is a secret mission; so secret that not even I, who am dying from it, was given the password.
Life is a sexually transmitted disease.
Life is a toy. Play with it properly and it'll never break.
Life is but a paradigm of conflicting self-interests.
Life is good.
Life is good. A good life is even better.
Life is hard and then you die.
Life is like a dry erase board. We can write on it whatever we like, but eventually it all gets erased.   
Life is like a skunk. It's fuzzy, and it stinks.
Life is terminal.
Life is the vacation from the eternity of non-existence. Enjoy it.
Life is tough. It's tougher if you're stupid. John Wayne
Life is unsure, always eat your dessert first.
Life is the whim of 100 trillion cells to be you for a while.
Light can be blinding.
Light is as much a guide as it is a distraction.
Life isn't like a box of chocolates: it isn't as sweet.
Lirine nuk e solla une, por e gjeta ne mesin tuaj - Scanderbeg, Skenderbeu 
Live by your dreams, not by your fears.
Live and learn. Die and remove yourself from the gene pool. It all works out.
Look after the Living.
Lottery is a tax on hope.
Lottery is the greatest invention ever created by mankind, to separate a fool from his money.
Lottery is a tax on people who cannot do the math.
Love is impossible to define: it is the root of all good and all evil at the same time.
Love makes time pass. Time makes love pass.
Love is not finding someone perfect, but finding someone imperfect and loving them perfectly.  ~Variant~  Love isn't about finding the perfect person, but learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.  -This variant looks like something Sam Keen wrote
Life is a bitch, then you marry one.
Life Is a bitch and im her pimp.
Life is a bitch that charges too much.
Making the world smarter, one idiot at a time.
Mankind can not, and will not, destroy its' self. But a few men can.
Meaning itself has no meaning.
Men are from Earth. Women are from Earth. Deal with it.
Mine always was something of a 'touch and go' philosophy: I touch; they go.
Mirror, mirror, on the wall: who is the 'atheist' of them all?
Misery loves company. -Aesop's Fables
Misery is the fastest breeding substance in the world.
Most live and learn but by the time most learn it is too late to live.
My karma ran over your dogma. (Wiccan bumper sticker)
You've never really made a ''mistake'', until you've done it twice.
Nature is neither cruel, nor friendly. It's purely indifferent.
Never anger the person who packs your parachute. - My dad, an ex skydiving instructor
Never be afraid to let people know who you are!- Anonymous...
Never forget that your tools were made by the lowest bidder.
Never look down on anyone unless you're helping him up.
Never mess up an apology with an excuse.
No matter what you do, everything you do will have a price... and you won't like it.
No matter how much the wind howls the mountain will not bow to it. ( Mulan, Disney animation film)
No one's perfect; well there was this one guy, but we killed him, possibly because we felt threatened.
No quarter given, and none received.
Nobody ever said that life is fair.
Nobody is perfect. I am nobody.
None of us are as stupid as all of us.
Not all girls are evil. Some just want to rule the world and some are just stupid and don't know the meaning of evil.
Not one human on this planet is stupid. They just forgot the meaning of it.
Nothing helps a bad mood like spreading it around.  -possibly from the comic strip &quot;Calvin &amp; Hobbes&quot;.
Nothing is impossible, even the possibility of this sentence being false.
Nothing is more certain than the certainty of being uncertain. &lt;!-- Pliny The Elder ? Or even J F Kennedy ?  --&gt;
Nothing is right in my left brain, nothing is left in my right brain.
Nothing is impossible, but not all is possible.
Not only is there no God, but you can't get a plumber during the weekend.  Woody Allen
Of course life sucks, that's why god lets you die.
Oh thee pain...
Old accountants never die - they just lose their balance. ~ Also appeared on a mug.
Old skiers never die - they just go downhill. ~C.V.B.
Old firemen never die - they just burnout.
Old fisherman never die - they just smell like it.
Old lawyers never die— they just lose their appeal. ~  This appeared on a mug belonging to John Mortimer.
Old mathematicians never die - they just go past their prime
Old pilots never die - they just don't get up as quick.
Old chemists never die - they just stop reacting.
Once you have glimpsed the world as it might be, it is impossible to live anymore complacent in the world as it is.
One cannot hope to bribe or twist, / Thank God, the British Journalist, / But, seeing what the breed may do, / Unbribed, there's no occasion to.
One man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter. - From a James Bond movie, Die Another Day
Only three things keep us from getting bored: War, zoos, and shrimp cocktail.
Only perfect practice makes perfect. (''Sensei Edward Blanco (lafayete,Louisiana)'')
Optimists are merely pessimists in denial.
Opinions are like bungholes,everyone has one and they all stink!
Only men of small beauty believe all fair women stupid
Oh my, my spleen fell out.
Pain is ever present, but never ever lasting.
Pain is just weakness leaving the body.
Pain is temporary. Glory is forever.
Pain is your friend; It lets you know that you're still alive.
Patience is a very tedious virtue (alt. Patience is a virtue, albeit a tedious one).
People in your life will come and go like the ocean tides, but few will leave such an imprint on your soul that it can not be washed away.
People say I shouldn't frown because it uses more muscles than smiling. Then I point out that Americans need their exercise.
People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage others.
People who run aren't cowards, just smarter then those who charge.
Pessimism is the state of being always right, or at least pleasantly surprised. (attributed to Robert M. Koch)
Pessimist's definition of an Optimist: Someone who knows today is so bad, tomorrow has just got to be better.
Pessimists are just realist optimists.
Physical prowess is for cowards; a little pain builds character.
Pie a day keeps the flies away.
Please take my comments personally, otherwise it looks like I hate the world.
Power is the ability not to have to please.
Practice does not make perfect.....Perfect practice makes perfect.
Practice what the priest preaches but not what the priest practices.
Practice what you preach.
Pray for what you want. Work for what you need.
Procrastinate later.
Procrstinate now. Don't put it off.
Play the game but don't let the game play you.
Question everything, accept nothing.
Question it if it's free.
Quotation is a serviceable substitute for wit; adaptation, even more so.
Reach for the stars, or you'll never touch the sky.
Real programmers don't comment their code. If it was hard to write it should be hard to understand. ~  Appeared in Real Programmers Don't Use Pascal, but may or may not have been in existence beforehand.
Realists are just pessimists looking for an excuse for themselves.
Reality is a poor substitute for my dreams. 
Reality is for people who can't handle drugs. (Attributed to Robbie Williams)
Reality is where Illusion is at its strongest.  (Graffiti at Snetterton Motor Racing Circuit). 
Reality is overrated. -Joe &quot;Maine&quot; Bailey
Right or Wrong is always dependent on the context.
Rule 31: There is no such thing as excessive firepower.  There is only open fire and reload.(may be from Schlock Mercenary.)
Sarcasm without subtext is nothing at all.
Sex is good. Ask my wife.
Sex is like NASCAR. Are you on the track?
She's been around the block more times than a communist hooker.
Should have, would have, could have but didn't.
Show me the way to Ambaraluwa!
Since light travels faster than sound, people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Six inches to the right and Lincoln would have seen the end of the play.
Skydiving does not require a parachute, skydiving twice does. (Tyler Keith)
So close, and yet so far away.
So long as a man remains free, he strives for nothing so incessantly and so painfully as to find someone to worship. - A paraphrase/alt translation of Fyodor Dostoyevsky, in &quot;The Brothers Karamazov&quot;: &quot;Man, so long as he remains free, has no more constant and agonising anxiety than find as quickly as possible someone to worship.&quot;
Some people are born lucky, some make their own luck.
Some people can carry a tune, and others just drag it behind them in the dirt. (Woody Allen ?)
People who are worried about what they eat, but do drugs, drink heavily, or smoke confuse me.
Someday we will look back on this, laugh nervously, and change the subject.
Spherical bass: no matter how you drop it, it just keeps on rolling.
Starbuck's is about the only place I know where a mug can be half full, and yet contain no coffee.
Stupid people do stupid things; Smart people outsmart each other. (Lyrics from System Of A Down - ''DDevil'', but not sure if that is the original).
Shit happens.
Shit happens, deal with it.
Shit happens. Deal.
Shit happens when you party naked.
Strike hard, run fast.
Stuff happens. You can't change it, might as well deal with it and move on.
Stupid people shouldn't breed.
Stupid people should breed so we can use them instead of lab mice.
Stupidity is permanent; ignorance can be fixed.
Sucks to be you.
Talent does what it can; genius does what it must.
Talk is cheap when the story’s good.
Tell us what you need and we'll tell you how to get by without it. ~  Heard from an old Quartermaster Sergeant in the Australian Army.
Temptation is seen from a distance never near.
The apotheosis of nihilism is suicide.
The average girl would rather have beauty than brains because she knows the average guy can see better than he can think.
The beatings will continue until morale improves. - attributed to the Commander of the Japanese Submarine Force
The best thing to give to your enemy is forgiveness; to an opponent, tolerance; to a friend, your heart; to your child, a good example; to a father, deference; to your mother, conduct that will make her proud of you; to yourself, respect; to all men, charity.
The candle that burns twice as bright burns half as long. (Tyrell in Blade Runner)
The day Microsoft makes a product that doesn't suck is the day they make a vacuum cleaner.
The death of three civilians and a dog causes uproar and sadness.  The death of 20,000 soldiers causes dissatisfaction.
The devil we know is better than the devil we don't.
The Eclectic Rede: Keep What Works, Fix What's Broke, Dump the Rest.
The family that prays together stays together
The faster you run up the stairs, the less you remember why you did...
The fat lady sung.
The glass is empty.
The glass isn't half empty. It isn't half full. It's just twice the size it should be.
The glass isn't half empty. It isn't half full. you just need to add ice.
The grass is always greener, after a nuclear test.
The grass is always greener over the septic tank. ~Kathy Reichs I think, maybe in ''Grave Secrets''. Also title of an Erma Bombeck book...
the grass is always greener than anything of the colour red.
The gratuitous, usage, of, commas, is, really really really annoying, to, read.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step and a lot of griping. 
The aim of spring cleaning is to sweep the house with a thorough glance.
The line between what is right and what is wrong is thin and indistinct. It takes true character to discern between the two.
The more something costs, the farther you will have to send it away to be repaired.
The more you study, the more you know, the more you know, the more you forget, the more you forget, the less you know. So why study?
The more you sweat in training, the less you bleed in battle.
The only certain things in life are death and unsatisfaction.
The only lesson history has taught us is that man has not yet learned anything from history.
The only thing in life achieved without effort is failure.
The only things you regret in life are the risks that you didn't take. (''Michael P. Daigle'')
The only time you have too much fuel is when you are on fire. ~  Helicopter pilot wisdom
The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds. The pessimist fears this is true. ~  By James B. Cabell
The optimist sees the glass half full. The pessimist sees the glass half empty. Unless they don't like the drink, then it's reversed.
The optimist sees the glass half full. The pessimist sees the glass half empty. The thirsty person doesn't care and the blind person doesn't see the glass at all. Which one are you?
The optimist sees the glass half full. The pessimist sees the glass half empty. The realist gets another drink.
The optimist sees things the way they should be. The pessimist sees things the way they are.
The point is just to be honest about what you’re doing.
The problem is not the budget: Money does not teach dummies. You need to stuff some brains in the dummy first.
The problem with America is stupidity. I'm not saying there should be a capital punishment for stupidity, but why don't we just take the safety labels off of everything and let the problem solve itself? ~ possibly http://bash.org/?4753. ~This is from &quot;Stupid White Men&quot; by Michael Moore.
The proof of the pudding, is in the refuting.
There is always one more idiot than you counted on.
The Second Coming has already occurred. Jesus returned, took one look at the Christians, shook his head and said, &quot;Fuggedaboutit.&quot;
The Skoda has the suspension of a bridge, and is about as manouevreable.
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have catch up. ~ By Laurence Lyndon Jones.
The things we remember best are those better forgotten.
The tricky thing about playing chicken (Mr Ryan), is knowing when to flinch. ~ Scott Glenn's character (Bart Mancuso) in 'The Hunt for Red October'
The unordinary man is the same as the ordinary man, but the unordinary man thinks in bigger terms and in more fruitful areas.
The vision of a champion is someone who is bent over, drenched in sweat, at the point of exhaustion when no one else is watching.
The words 'I think' are generally followed by something very, very stupid.
The world is like a two-sided coin, sometimes people forget which side is ''two''ed.
The will to win means nothing without the will to prepare.
There are only 10 types of people in the world; those who understand binary and those who don't. 
There are only 10 types of people in the world; those who understand trinary, those who don't, and those who mistake it for binary. 
There are three types of people in this world: the ones who can count, and those who can't.
There are three types of people in this world: the ones who keep you alive, the ones who would otherwise cause you to die, and the ones who somehow manage to do both at the same time.
There are two types of people that go around beardless; boys and woman, and I am neither.
There is a fine line between coincidence and fate.
There is a reason for everything.
There is no such thing called 'normal life', there's just life. Quoted form Tombstone
There is more stupidity than hydrogen in the universe, and it has a longer shelf life.
There is no such thing as GRAVITY ....Its just that the world SUCKS (* Bala Krishna )
There are no stupid questions only stupid people. (Mr. Garrison of South Park)
There was a particularly vicious rumour going around about my not having a girlfriend: it turned out to be entirely true.
They may not remember what you said but they will remember how you made them feel. -Maya Angelou.
Think of the Web as a big bathroom wall.  And everyone has a marker. &lt;!-- not found outside wikiquote 2005-02-12 --&gt;
This morning my cat told me I'm &quot;special&quot;. It also told me I look stupid talking to cats.  
This sentence no verb.
Thomas Wrathbone is just this guy, you know?
Those who don't make decisions never make mistakes.
Those who fight and run away, live to fight another day.
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don’t.
Those who suppress freedom always do so in the name of law and order.
Those who think they know-it-all are very annoying to those of us who do.
Thou shalt not weigh more than the fridge.
Thoughts don’t hurt, actions do.
Three kinds of people, the Wills, the Won'ts, and the Can'ts, the Wills try everything, the Won'ts oppose everything, and the Can'ts won't try anything.  From V.I.N.C.E.N.T in the  The Black Hole.
Three snows upon the crocuses ere the Winter will be gone. ~  This saying was either taken from or incorporated into a Lake Erie-area folk song about the arrival of spring.
To ignore the past is to jeopardise the future.
To refuse praise is to seek praise twice.
To the pessimist the glass is half empty, to the optimist the glass is half full, to the computer programmer the glass is twice as large as it needs to be.
Toss the bag!
... Too bad no one cares.
Treat a person as he is, and he will remain as he is. Treat him as he could be, and he will become what he should be.
Treat crictism as your friend.
Truth is stranger than fiction because fiction has to make sense. (Tom Clancy said something similar)
Take control of your own destiny
They don't know what I think, but for you, I'm one of them.
They condemn what they do not understand.
The time heals wounds, but the author neglected to impart just how much time (From: Love Story)
Vincere vel mori!
Violence is not the answer, however it is a pretty good guess.
Violence is not the answer: Violence is the question; 'YES!' is the answer!
Violence is a form of emotional retardation
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent. (from Isaac Asimov's Foundation series (said by Salvor Hardin))
Violence is the solution to every problem; if it's not solving the problem, you're not using enough of it.
Violence is the answer for it is the only way man has ever solved his problems.
Vitality shows not only in the ability to persist, but in the ability to start over.
We are all terminal from the moment we are born.
We learn from history that we learn nothing from history.
Well done is better than well said. ~ Benjamin Franklin
What is popular is not always right; what is right is not always popular. 
when stars fade and there is no air to breathe, i will always love you.
When you meet a stranger, give him a smile. It may be the only sunshine he sees all day.
When people disagree with me, usually, it is because they are wrong.
Whenever anyone tells me &quot;Life is hard,&quot; I say, &quot;Compared to what?&quot;
When ever people say express your individuality they don't actually mean it.
Where a man's 11th Edition Encyclopedia Britannica is, there shall his heart be also.
Where patience fails, force prevails.
Whether you think you can, or you think you can't, you're right.
why be difficult when you can be impossible
Why buy the cow when the milk is free?
Why buy the cow if you don't know what the milk tastes like?
Why do doctors call what they do 'practice'? because they are constantly changing their minds on your diagnosis
Win or lose, we still booze!
Wise men make proverbs. Fools repeat them.
Women can fake orgasm, men can fake the whole relationship.
Work hard! There are millions on welfare who are depending on you.
World Peace is jeopardized by the single fact that guests don't reveal the date of their departure.
Writing about music is like dancing about architecture. 
Write a witty saying and your name will live forever.
We are legion!
Yes I eat okra and yes I know what the Pythagorean theorem is.
You, are the most original excuse for a human being I have ever met.
You can choose your friends, but you can’t choose your enemies. 
You can fool all of the people some of the time, and some of the people all of the time, but you can't fool all of the people all of the time... Abraham Lincoln (attributed to). (&quot;You can fool some people some time, but you can't fool all the people all the time!&quot; - Bob Marley - Get Up Stand Up)
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't beat a swab test.
you can never return to the place you have left.
You can pick your friends, you can pick your nose, but you can't pick your friend's nose.
You can pick your friends, you can pick your nose, but you can't wipe your friends on your sleeve.
You can pick your friends, you can pick your nose, but you can't pick your relatives! (from one of the Revenge of the Nerds films)
You can please all of the people some of the time, and some of the people all of the time, but you can't please all of the people all of the time.
You can put the cat's kittens in the oven but that doesn't make 'em biscuits. (Moody's Dad from The Amanda Show? that's where i heard it)
You can’t see the future through a rearview mirror.
You can't see the future through a rearview mirror... unless you're driving in Alberta.
You can sue me for stealing your money but I'll countersue you for prejudice against thieves!
You ever feel like the world's a giant game of musical chairs and the music has stopped and we're the only ones without chairs?
You have such a pretty smile… it's a shame the things you hide behind it.
You know that every time I try to go where I really wanna be, It's already where I am, cause I'm already there?! Sugar - System of a Down
You know when you've an absinthe hangover: onomatopoeia hurts.
You must walk a dark path to reach a bright future. Just make sure its not too bright or you might go blind.
You can do anything you want for a short time.
You roll in the thunder and I’ll reap the whirlwinds.
You're completely individual, except that you're exactly the same as everyone else
Young people treat life as if it's an endless roller coaster when it's really a waltz
bring forth the beer and think of your wife, and thou shalt go home happy!
Yesterday is past, tomorrow is a mystery... today is a gift - that's why they call it the present.
You are a twat, no one likes you....but you still have your dignity.  Nope, there it goes.
You can get more with a smile and a gun than you can with just a smile.
Your best isn't good enough!
You're not as dumb as you look. No human could be that stupid and live.
Zero in on your target, and pull the trigger!
Zero multiplied by anything still equals zero.
Zero is like the number one, but one less.
&quot;America has a very serious problem. Not only does America have a very serious problem, but our people have a very serious problem. America's problem is us. We're her problem. The only reason she has a problem is she doesn't want us here.&quot;
&quot;I believe in the brotherhood of man, all men, but I don’t believe in brotherhood with anybody who doesn’t want brotherhood with me. I believe in treating people right, but I’m not going to waste my time trying to treat somebody right who doesn’t know how to return the treatment.&quot;
&quot;I believe in recognizing every human being as a human being, neither white, black, brown nor red. When you are dealing with humanity as one family, there's no question of integration or intermarriage. It's just one human being marrying another human being, or one human being living around and with another human being.&quot;
&quot;I am not a racist. I am against every form of racism and segregation, every form of discrimination. I believe in human beings, and that all human beings should be respected as such, regardless of their color.&quot;
&quot;You can’t separate peace from freedom, because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom.&quot;
&quot;You can't have capitalism without racism.&quot;
&quot;There is nothing in our book, the Qur'an, that teaches us to suffer peacefully. Our religion teaches us to be intelligent. Be peaceful, be courteous, obey the law, respect everyone; but if someone lays a hand on you, send him to the cemetery.&quot;
&quot;Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you're a man, you take it.&quot;
&quot;Power never takes a back step— only in the face of more power.&quot;
&quot;Sitting at the table doesn't make you a diner, unless you eat some of what's on that plate. Being here in America doesn't make you an American. Being born here in America doesn't make you an American.&quot;
&quot;Time is on the side of the oppressed today, it's against the oppressor. Truth is on the side of the oppressed today, it's against the oppressor. You don't need anything else.&quot;
&quot;Usually when people are sad, they don't do anything. They just cry over their condition. But when they get angry, they bring about a change.&quot;
&quot;If you're afraid of black nationalism, you're afraid of revolution. And if you love revolution, you love black nationalism. To understand this, you have to go back to what the young brother here referred to as the house Negro and the field Negro back during slavery. There were two kinds of slaves, the house Negro and the field Negro. The house Negroes - they lived in the house with master, they dressed pretty good, they ate good because they ate his food - what he left. They lived in the attic or the basement, but still they lived near the master; and they loved the master more than the master loved himself. They would give their life to save the master's house - quicker than the master would. If the master said, &quot;We got a good house here,&quot; the house Negro would say, &quot;Yeah, we got a good house here.&quot; Whenever the master said &quot;we,&quot; he said &quot;we.&quot; That's how you can tell a house Negro.&quot;
&quot;If the master's house caught on fire, the house Negro would fight harder to put the blaze out than the master would. If the master got sick, the house Negro would say, &quot;What's the matter, boss, we sick?&quot; We sick! He identified himself with his master, more than his master identified with himself. And if you came to the house Negro and said, &quot;Let's run away, let's escape, let's separate,&quot; the house Negro would look at you and say, &quot;Man, you crazy. What you mean, separate? Where is there a better house than this? Where can I wear better clothes than this? Where can I eat better food than this?&quot; That was that house Negro. In those days he was called a &quot;house nigger.&quot; And that's what we call them today, because we've still got some house niggers running around here.&quot;
&quot;This modern house Negro loves his master. He wants to live near him. He'll pay three times as much as the house is worth just to live near his master, and then brag about &quot;I'm the only Negro out here.&quot; &quot;I'm the only one on my job.&quot; &quot;I'm the only one in this school.&quot; You're nothing but a house Negro. And if someone comes to you right now and says, &quot;Let's separate,&quot; you say the same thing that the house Negro said on the plantation. &quot;What you mean, separate? From America, this good white man? Where you going to get a better job than you get here?&quot; I mean, this is what you say. &quot;I ain't left nothing in Africa,&quot; that's what you say. Why, you left your mind in Africa.&quot;
&quot;On that same plantation, there was the field Negro. The field Negroes - those were the masses. There were always more Negroes in the field than there were Negroes in the house. The Negro in the field caught hell. He ate leftovers. In the house they ate high up on the hog. The Negro in the field didn't get anything but what was left of the insides of the hog.&quot;
&quot;The field Negro was beaten from morning to night; he lived in a shack, in a hut; he wore old, castoff clothes. He hated his master. I say he hated his master. He was intelligent. That house Negro loved his master, but that field Negro - remember, they were in the majority, and they hated the master. When the house caught on fire, he didn't try to put it out; that field Negro prayed for a wind, for a breeze. When the master got sick, the field Negro prayed that he'd die. If someone came to the field Negro and said, &quot;Let's separate, let's run,&quot; he didn't say, &quot;Where we going?&quot; He'd say, &quot;Any place is better than here.&quot;  speech (9th November, 1963)
&quot;A chicken can't produce a duck egg. It has not the means nor the system within to produce a duck egg. In the same way the Capitalist system cannot produce freedom for a black man. It has not the means within to produce freedom, it has not the educational means, the political means, the legislative means. And if a chicken was to produce a duck egg, it would be considered a revolutionary chicken.&quot;
&quot;I believe that there will ultimately be a clash between the oppressed and those who do the oppressing. I believe that there will be a clash between those who want freedom, justice and equality for everyone and those who want to continue the system of exploitation. I believe that there will be that kind of clash but I don't think it will be based on the color of the skin.&quot;
&quot;I don't call it violence when it's self-defense, I call it intelligence.&quot;
&quot;I for one believe that if you give people a thorough understanding of what confronts them and the basic causes that produce it, they'll create their own program, and when the people create a program, you get action.&quot;
&quot;I've had enough of someone else's propaganda. I'm for truth, no matter who tells it. I'm for justice, no matter who it's for or against. I'm a human being first and foremost, and as such I am for whoever and whatever benefits humanity as a whole.&quot;
&quot;If violence is wrong in America, violence is wrong abroad. If it's wrong to be violent defending black women and black children and black babies and black men, then it's wrong for America to draft us and make us violent abroad in defense of her. And if it is right for America to draft us, and teach us how to be violent in defense of her, then it is right for you and me to do whatever is necessary to defend our own people right here in this country.&quot;
&quot;The economic philosophy of black nationalism only means that our people need to be re-educated into the importance of controlling the economy of the community in which we live, which means that we won’t have to constantly be involved in picketing and boycotting other people in other communities in order to get jobs.&quot; 
&quot;The future belongs to those who prepare for it today.&quot;
The political philosophy of black nationalism means that the black man should control the politics and the politicians in his own community; no more. 
&quot;We declare our right on this earth to be a human being, to be respected as a human being, to be given the rights of a human being in this society, on this earth, in this day, which we intend to bring into existence by any means necessary.&quot;
&quot;When a person places the proper value on freedom, there is nothing under the sun that he will not do to acquire that freedom. Whenever you hear a man saying he wants freedom, but in the next breath he is going to tell you what he won't do to get it, or what he doesn't believe in doing in order to get it, he doesn't believe in freedom. A man who believes in freedom will do anything under the sun to acquire... or preserve his freedom.&quot;
&quot;You're not to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it.&quot;
&quot;If you don't stand up for something, you'll fall for anything.&quot;
&quot;Any time you see someone more successful than you are, they are doing something you aren't.&quot;
&quot;This religion recognizes all men as brothers. It accepts all human beings as equals before God, and as equal members in the Human Family of Mankind. I totally reject Elijah Muhammad's racist philosophy, which he has labeled 'Islam' only to fool and misuse gullible people as he fooled and misused me. But I blame only myself, and no one else for the fool that I was, and the harm that my evangelical foolishness on his behalf has done to others.&quot;
&quot;The next day I was in my car driving along the freeway when at a red light another car pulled alongside. A white woman was driving and on the passenger's side, next to me, was a white man. &quot;''Malcolm X''!&quot; he called out-and when I looked, he stuck his hand out of his car, across at me, grinning. &quot;Do you mind shaking hands with a white man?&quot; Imagine that! Just as the traffic light turned green, I told him, &quot;I don't mind shaking hands with human beings. Are you one?&quot;
I have some links that will help me as a sysop.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Administrators%27_how-to_guide#Deleting_a_page
I gyve unto my wief my second best bed with the furniture &lt;br&gt; (Modern spelling: I give unto my wife my second best bed with the furniture.)
Good friend, for Jesus' sake forbear, to dig the dust enclosèd here. Blest be the man that spares these stones, And curst be he that moves my bones.
'''Iago''': If the balance of our lives had not one scale of reason to poise another of sensuality, the blood and baseness of our natures would conduct us to most preposterous conclusions.
'''Hamlet''': There are more things in Heaven and Earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
'''Hamlet''': To be or not to be, that is the question.&lt;br&gt;Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer&lt;br&gt;The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune&lt;br&gt;Or to take arms against a sea of troubles,&lt;br&gt;And by opposing, end them. To die, to sleep&lt;br&gt;No more, and by a sleep to say we end,&lt;br&gt;The heartache and the thousand natural shocks&lt;br&gt;That flesh is heir to, 'tis a consummation&lt;br&gt;Devoutly to be wished.
'''Polonius''': Therefore, since brevity is the soul of wit,&lt;br&gt;And tediousness the limbs and outward flourishes,&lt;br&gt;I will be brief.
'''Juliet''': What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet. 
'''Juliet''': O Romeo, Romeo! wherefore art thou Romeo? &lt;br&gt; Deny thy father and refuse thy name; &lt;br&gt; Or, if thou wilt not, be but sworn my love, &lt;br&gt; And I'll no longer be a Capulet. 
'''Soothsayer''': Beware the ides of March. 
'''Cassius''': Men at some time are masters of their fates: &lt;br&gt; The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, &lt;br&gt; But in ourselves, that we are underlings. 
'''Caesar''': Et tu Bruté? Then fall, Caesar! 
'''Antony''': Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears; &lt;br&gt; I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him. &lt;br&gt; The evil that men do lives after them; &lt;br&gt; The good is oft interred with their bones; &lt;br&gt; So let it be with Caesar. The noble Brutus &lt;br&gt; Hath told you Caesar was ambitious: &lt;br&gt; If it were so, it is a grievous fault; &lt;br&gt; And grievously hath Caesar answer'd it. &lt;br&gt; Here, under leave of Brutus and the rest, - &lt;br&gt; For Brutus is an honrable man; &lt;br&gt; So are they all, all honrable men, -&lt;br&gt; Come I to speak in Caesar's funeral. &lt;br&gt; He was my friend, faithful and just to me: &lt;br&gt; But Brutus says he was ambitious; &lt;br&gt; And Brutus is an honorable man. 
''' Launcelot''': ...truth will out
'''Morocco''': All that glisters is not gold.
'''Shylock''': ...what's his reason? - I am a Jew. Hath not a Jew eyes? hath not a Jew hands, organs, dimensions, senses, affections, passions? fed with the same food, hurt with the same weapons, subject to the same diseases, healed by the same means, warmed and cooled by the same winter and summer, as a Christian is? If you prick us do we not bleed? If you tickle us do we not laugh? If you poison us do we not die? And if you wrong us, shall we not revenge?
''' Portia''': The quality of mercy is not strain'd, it droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven upon the place beneath: it is twice bless’d; It blesseth him that gives and him that takes.
To weep is to make less the depth of grief
''' Portia''': How far that little candle throws its beams; So shines a good deed in a naughty world.
'''Orsino''': If music be the food of love, play on;&lt;br/&gt;  Give me excess of it that, surfeiting,&lt;/br&gt; The appetite may sicken and so die.&lt;br/&gt;  That strain again, it had a dying fall.&lt;br/&gt; O, it came o’er my ear like the sweet sound&lt;br/&gt; that breathes upon a bank of violets,&lt;/br&gt; stealing and giving odour...
'''Feste''': Many a good hanging prevents a bad marriage;
'''Malvolio''': Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
'''Prospero''': We are such stuff as dreams are made on, and our little life is rounded with a sleep.
'''Macbeth''': To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow,&lt;br&gt;Creeps in this petty pace from day to day,&lt;br&gt;To the last syllable of recorded time;&lt;br&gt;And all our yesterdays have lighted fools&lt;br&gt;The way to dusty death. Out, out, brief candle!&lt;br&gt;Life's but a walking shadow; a poor player,&lt;br&gt;That struts and frets his hour upon the stage,&lt;br&gt;And then is heard no more: it is a tale&lt;br&gt;Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury,&lt;br&gt;Signifying nothing.
My spirit is too weak- mortality&lt;br&gt;Weighs heavily on me like unwilling sleep,&lt;br&gt;And each imagin'd pinnacle and steep&lt;br&gt;Of godlike hardship tells me I must die&lt;br&gt;Like a sick Eagle looking at the sky.
In drear-nighted December,&lt;br&gt;Too happy, happy tree,&lt;br&gt;Thy branches ne'er remember&lt;br&gt;Their green felicity.
But were there ever any&lt;br&gt;Writh'd not of passed joy?&lt;br&gt;The feel of not to feel it,&lt;br&gt;When there is none to heal it,&lt;br&gt;Nor numbed sense to steel it,&lt;br&gt;Was never said in rhyme.
It keeps eternal whisperings around&lt;br&gt;Desolate shores, and with its mighty swell&lt;br&gt;Gluts twice ten thousand Caverns, till the spell&lt;br&gt;Of Hecate leaves them their old shadowy sound.
When I have fears that I may cease to be&lt;br&gt;Before my pen has glean’d my teeming brain,&lt;br&gt;Before high piled books, in charact’ry,&lt;br&gt;Hold like rich garners the full-ripen’d grain;&lt;br&gt;When I behold, upon the night’s starr’d face,&lt;br&gt;Huge cloudy symbols of a high romance,&lt;br&gt;And think that I may never live to trace&lt;br&gt;Their shadows, with the magic hand of chance;&lt;br&gt;And when I feel, fair creature of an hour!&lt;br&gt;That I shall never look upon thee more,&lt;br&gt;Never have relish in the faery power&lt;br&gt;Of unreflecting love!—then on the shore&lt;br&gt;Of the wide world I stand alone, and think&lt;br&gt;Till Love and Fame to nothingness do sink. 
Shed no tear! O shed no tear!&lt;br&gt;The flower will bloom another year.&lt;br&gt;Weep no more! O weep no more!&lt;br&gt;Young buds sleep in the root's white core.
This living hand, now warm and capable&lt;br&gt;Of earnest grasping, would, if it were cold&lt;br&gt;And in the icy silence of the tomb,&lt;br&gt;So haunt thy days and chill thy dreaming nights&lt;br&gt;That thou wouldst wish thine own heart dry of blood&lt;br&gt;So in my veins red life might stream again,&lt;br&gt;And thou be conscience-calm'd- see here it is-&lt;br&gt;I hold it towards you.
Bright star! would I were stedfast as thou art-&lt;br&gt;Not in lone splendour hung aloft the night&lt;br&gt;And watching with eternal lids apart,&lt;br&gt;Like nature's patient, sleepless Eremite,&lt;br&gt;The moving waters at their priestlike task&lt;br&gt;Of pure ablution round earth's human shores.
None can usurp this height...&lt;br&gt;But those to whom the miseries of the world&lt;br&gt;Are misery, and will not let them rest.
Here lies one whose name was writ in water.
I am certain of nothing but the holiness of the heart's affections and the truth of imagination—what the imagination seizes as beauty must be truth—whether it existed before or not.
The imagination may be compared to Adam's dream—he awoke and found it truth.
O for a life of Sensations rather than of Thoughts!
At once it struck me what quality went to form a man of achievement, especially in literature, and which Shakespeare possessed so enormously—I mean ''negative capability'', that is, when a man is capable of being in uncertainties, mysteries, doubts, without any irritable reaching after fact and reason.
They will explain themselves - as all poems should do without any comment.
We hate poetry that has a palpable design upon us—and if we do not agree, seems to put its hand in its breeches pocket. Poetry should be great and unobtrusive, a thing which enters into one's soul, and does not startle or amaze with itself, but with its subject.
In Poetry I have a few axioms, and you will see how far I am from their center. I think Poetry should surprise by a fine excess and not by singularity—it should strike the reader as a wording of his own highest thoughts, and appear almost a remembrance— Its touches of Beauty should never be halfway thereby making the reader breathless instead of content: the rise, the progress, the setting of imagery should like the Sun come natural to him—shine over him and set soberly although in magnificence leaving him in the luxury of twilight—but it is easier to think what Poetry should be than to write it—and this leads me on to another axiom. That if Poetry comes not as naturally as the leaves to a tree it had better not come at all.
Axioms in philosophy are not axioms until they are proved upon our pulses: we read fine things but never feel them to the full until we have gone the same steps as the author.
I compare human life to a large mansion of many apartments, two of which I can only describe, the doors of the rest being as yet shut upon me.
There is an awful warmth about my heart like a load of immortality.
I begin to get a little acquainted with my own strength and weakness. Praise or blame has but a momentary effect on the man whose love of beauty in the abstract makes him a severe critic on his own works.
The genius of poetry must work out its own salvation in a man; it cannot be matured by law and precept, but by sensation and watchfulness in itself. That which is creative must create itself—In ''Endymion'', I leaped headlong into the sea, and thereby have become better acquainted with the soundings, the quicksands, and the rocks, than if I had stayed upon the green shore, and piped a silly pipe, and took tea and comfortable sdvice.
I would sooner fail than not be among the greatest.
I think I shall be among the English Poets after my death.
The poetical character...is not itself—it has no self—it is everything and nothing...It has as much delight in conceiving an Iago as an Imogen.
A poet is the most unpoetical of anything in existence; because he has no identity—he is continually informing—and filling some other body.
A man's life of any worth is a continual allegory—and very few eyes can see the mystery of life—a life like the Scriptures, figurative...Lord Byron cuts a figure, but he is not figurative. Shakespeare led a life of allegory: his works are the comments on it.
Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced—Even a proverb is no proverb to you till your Life has illustrated it.
I myself am pursuing the same instinctive course as the veriest human animal you can think of—I am, however young, writing at random—straining at particles of light in the midst of a great darkness—without knowing the bearing of any one assertion, of any one opinion. Yet may I not in this be free from sin?
Call the world if you please &quot;The vale of soul-making.&quot;
I have two luxuries to brood over in my walks, your loveliness and the hour of my death. O that I could have possession of them both in the same minute.
&quot;If I should die,&quot; said I to myself, &quot;I have left no immortal work behind me—nothing to make my friends proud of my memory—but I have loved the principle of beauty in all things, and if I had had time I would have made myself remembered.&quot;
You are always new. The last of your kisses was ever the sweetest; the last smile the brightest; the last movement the gracefullest.
You might curb your magnanimity, and be more of an artist, and load every rift of your subject with ore.
I can scarcely bid you good-bye, even in a letter. I always made an awkward bow. God bless you!
I stood tip-toe upon a little hill,&lt;br&gt;The air was cooling, and so very still,&lt;br&gt;That the sweet buds which with a modest pride&lt;br&gt;Pull droopingly, in slanting curve aside,&lt;br&gt;Their scantly leaved, and finely tapering stems,&lt;br&gt;Had not yet lost those starry diadems&lt;br&gt;Caught from the early sobbing of the morn. 
And then there crept&lt;br&gt;A little noiseless noise among the leaves,&lt;br&gt;Born of the very sigh that silence heaves.
Open afresh your round of starry folds,&lt;br&gt;Ye ardent marigolds!
Why, you might read two sonnets, ere they reach&lt;br&gt;To where the hurrying freshnesses aye preach&lt;br&gt;A natural sermon o’er their pebbly beds;&lt;br&gt;Where swarms of minnows show their little heads,&lt;br&gt;Staying their wavy bodies ’gainst the streams,&lt;br&gt;To taste the luxury of sunny beams&lt;br&gt;Temper’d with coolness.
Sometimes goldfinches one by one will drop&lt;br&gt;From low hung branches; little space they stop;&lt;br&gt;But sip, and twitter, and their feathers sleek;&lt;br&gt;Then off at once, as in a wanton freak:&lt;br&gt;Or perhaps, to show their black, and golden wings&lt;br&gt;Pausing upon their yellow flutterings. 
Woman! when I behold thee flippant, vain,&lt;br&gt;Inconstant, childish, proud, and full of fancies.
To one who has been long in city pent,&lt;br&gt;’Tis very sweet to look into the fair&lt;br&gt;And open face of heaven.
E’en like the passage of an angel’s tear&lt;br&gt;That falls through the clear ether silently.
Much have I travell’d in the realms of gold,&lt;br&gt;And many goodly states and kingdoms seen;&lt;br&gt;Round many western islands have I been&lt;br&gt;Which bards in fealty to Apollo hold.
Then felt I like some watcher of the skies&lt;br&gt;When a new planet swims into his ken;&lt;br&gt;Or like stout Cortez when with eagle eyes&lt;br&gt;He star’d at the Pacific—and all his men&lt;br&gt;Look’d at each other with a wild surmise—&lt;br&gt;Silent, upon a peak in Darien. 
And other spirits there are standing apart&lt;br&gt;Upon the forehead of the age to come;&lt;br&gt;These, these will give the world another heart,&lt;br&gt;And other pulses. Hear ye not the hum&lt;br&gt;Of mighty workings in a distant mart?&lt;br&gt;Listen awhile ye nations, and be dumb.
The poetry of earth is never dead.
Stop and consider! life is but a day;&lt;br&gt;A fragile dew-drop on its perilous way&lt;br&gt;From a tree’s summit. 
O for ten years, that I may overwhelm&lt;br&gt;Myself in poesy; so I may do the deed&lt;br&gt;That my own soul has to itself decreed. 
A drainless shower&lt;br&gt;Of light is poesy; ’tis the supreme of power;&lt;br&gt;’Tis might half slumb’ring on its own right arm. 
But strength alone though of the Muses born&lt;br&gt;Is like a fallen angel: trees uptorn,&lt;br&gt;Darkness, and worms, and shrouds, and sepulchres&lt;br&gt;Delight it; for it feeds upon the burrs,&lt;br&gt;And thorns of life; forgetting the great end&lt;br&gt;Of poesy, that it should be a friend&lt;br&gt;To sooth the cares, and lift the thoughts of man. 
There is not a fiercer hell than the failure in a great object.
The imagination of a boy is healthy, and the mature imagination of a man is healthy; but there is a space of life between, in which the soul is in a ferment, the character undecided, the way of life uncertain, the ambition thicksighted: thence proceeds mawkishness, and the thousand bitters which those men I speak of must necessarily taste in going over the following pages.
A thing of beauty is a joy forever:&lt;br&gt;Its loveliness increases; it will never&lt;br&gt;Pass into nothingness; but still will keep&lt;br&gt;A bower quiet for us, and a sleep&lt;br&gt;Full of sweet dreams, and health, and quiet breathing.
In spite of all,&lt;br&gt;Some shape of beauty moves away the pall&lt;br&gt;From our dark spirits.
And such too is the grandeur of the dooms&lt;br&gt;We have imagined for the mighty dead;&lt;br&gt;All lovely tales that we have heard or read:&lt;br&gt;An endless fountain of immortal drink,&lt;br&gt;Pouring unto us from the heaven’s brink.
Nor do we merely feel these essences&lt;br&gt;For one short hour; no, even as the trees&lt;br&gt;That whisper round a temple become soon&lt;br&gt;Dear as the temple’s self, so does the moon,&lt;br&gt;The passion poesy, glories infinite,&lt;br&gt;Haunt us till they become a cheering light&lt;br&gt;Unto our souls, and bound to us so fast,&lt;br&gt;That, whether there be shine, or gloom o’ercast,&lt;br&gt;They alway must be with us, or we die. 
O magic sleep! O comfortable bird,&lt;br&gt;That broodest o’er the troubled sea of the mind&lt;br&gt;Till it is hush’d and smooth! 
Time, that aged nurse,&lt;br&gt;Rocked me to patience.
Wherein lies happiness? In that which becks&lt;br&gt;Our ready minds to fellowship divine,&lt;br&gt;A fellowship with essence; till we shine,&lt;br&gt;Full alchemiz’d, and free of space. Behold&lt;br&gt;The clear religion of heaven! 
The crown of these&lt;br&gt;Is made of love and friendship, and sits high&lt;br&gt;Upon the forehead of humanity.
My restless spirit never could endure&lt;br&gt;To brood so long upon one luxury,&lt;br&gt;Unless it did, though fearfully, espy&lt;br&gt;A hope beyond the shadow of a dream.
Pleasure is oft a visitant; but pain&lt;br&gt;Clings cruelly to us.
He ne'er is crown'd&lt;br&gt;With immortality, who fears to follow &lt;br&gt; Where airy voices lead.
'Tis the pest&lt;br&gt;Of love, that fairest joys give most unrest.
To Sorrow&lt;br&gt;I bade good-morrow,&lt;br&gt;And thought to leave her far away behind;&lt;br&gt;But cheerly, cheerly,&lt;br&gt;She loves me dearly;&lt;br&gt;She is so constant to me, and so kind:&lt;br&gt;I would deceive her&lt;br&gt;And so leave her,&lt;br&gt;But ah! she is so constant and so kind. 
O, what can ail thee, knight-at-arms,&lt;br&gt;Alone and palely loitering?&lt;br&gt;The sedge has wither'd from the lake,&lt;br&gt;And no birds sing.
I met a lady in the meads,&lt;br&gt;Full beautiful- a faery's child,&lt;br&gt;Her hair was long, her foot was light,&lt;br&gt;And her eyes were wild.
I made a garland for her head,&lt;br&gt;And bracelets too, and fragrant zone;&lt;br&gt;She look'd at me as she did love,&lt;br&gt;And made sweet moan.
I saw pale kings and princes too,&lt;br&gt;Pale warriors, death-pale were they all;&lt;br&gt;They cried- &quot;La Belle Dame sans Merci&lt;br&gt;Hath thee in thrall!&quot;
Love in a hut, with water and a crust,&lt;br&gt;Is—Love, forgive us!—cinders, ashes, dust.
Philosophy will clip an Angel’s wings,&lt;br&gt;Conquer all mysteries by rule and line,&lt;br&gt;Empty the haunted air, and gnomed mine—&lt;br&gt;Unweave a rainbow, as it erewhile made&lt;br&gt;The tender-person’d Lamia melt into a shade. 
“For cruel ’tis,” said she,&lt;br&gt;“To steal my Basil-pot away from me.” 
St. Agnes’ Eve—Ah, bitter chill it was!&lt;br&gt;The owl, for all his feathers, was a-cold;&lt;br&gt;The hare limp’d trembling through the frozen grass,&lt;br&gt;And silent was the flock in woolly fold.
The music, yearning like a God in pain.
Sudden a thought came like a full-blown rose,&lt;br&gt;Flushing his brow, and in his pained heart&lt;br&gt;Made purple riot. 
As though a tongueless nightingale should swell&lt;br&gt;Her throat in vain, and die, heart-stifled, in her dell. 
Full on this casement shone the wintry moon,&lt;br&gt;And threw warm gules on Madeline’s fair breast,&lt;br&gt;As down she knelt for heaven’s grace and boon;&lt;br&gt;Rose-bloom fell on her hands, together prest. 
Unclasps her warmed jewels one by one;&lt;br&gt;Loosens her fragrant bodice; by degrees&lt;br&gt;Her rich attire creeps rustling to her knees. 
And still she slept an azure-lidded sleep,&lt;br&gt;In blanched linen, smooth, and lavender’d. 
She hurried at his words, beset with fears,&lt;br&gt;For there were sleeping dragons all around,&lt;br&gt;At glaring watch, perhaps, with ready spears—&lt;br&gt;Down the wide stairs a darkling way they found.—&lt;br&gt;In all the house was heard no human sound.&lt;br&gt;A chain-droop’d lamp was flickering by each door;&lt;br&gt;The arras, rich with horseman, hawk, and hound,&lt;br&gt;Flutter’d in the besieging wind’s uproar;&lt;br&gt;And the long carpets rose along the gusty floor. 
And they are gone: ay, ages long ago&lt;br&gt;These lovers fled away into the storm. 
So let me be thy choir, and make a moan&lt;br&gt;Upon the midnight hours
And there shall be for thee all soft delight&lt;br&gt;That shadowy thought can win,&lt;br&gt;A bright torch, and a casement ope at night,&lt;br&gt;To let the warm Love in! 
Ever let the Fancy roam,&lt;br&gt;Pleasure never is at home.
Bards of Passion and of Mirth,&lt;br&gt;Ye have left your souls on earth!&lt;br&gt;Have ye souls in heaven too,&lt;br&gt;Double-lived in regions new? 
Souls of Poets dead and gone,&lt;br&gt;What Elysium have ye known,&lt;br&gt;Happy field or mossy cavern,&lt;br&gt;Choicer than the Mermaid Tavern?&lt;br&gt;Have ye tippled drink more fine&lt;br&gt;Than mine host’s Canary wine? 
Season of mists and mellow fruitfulness,&lt;br&gt;Close bosom-friend of the maturing sun
Who hath not seen thee oft amid thy store?&lt;br&gt;Sometimes whoever seeks abroad may find&lt;br&gt;Thee sitting careless on a granary floor,&lt;br&gt;Thy hair soft-lifted by the winnowing wind;&lt;br&gt;Or on a half-reap’d furrow sound asleep,&lt;br&gt;Drows’d with the fume of poppies, while thy hook&lt;br&gt;Spares the next swath and all its twined flowers. 
'''Two households, both alike in dignity,&lt;br&gt;In fair Verona, where we lay our scene,&lt;br&gt;From ancient grudge break to new mutiny,&lt;Br&gt;Where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.&lt;br&gt;From forth the fatal loins of these two foes&lt;br&gt;A pair of star-crossed lovers take their life;&lt;br&gt;Whose misadventured piteous overthrows&lt;br&gt;Doth with their death bury their parents' strife.&lt;br&gt;The fearful passage of their death-mark'd love,&lt;br&gt;And the continuance of their parents' rage,&lt;BR&gt;Which, but their children's end, naught could remove,&lt;br&gt;Is now the two hours' traffic of our stage;&lt;br&gt;The which if you with patient ears attend,&lt;br&gt;What here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend.'''
'''Abraham''': Do you bite your thumb at us, sir?&lt;br&gt;'''Sampson''': I do bite my thumb, sir.&lt;br&gt;'''Abraham''': Do you bite your thumb at us, sir?&lt;br&gt;'''Sampson''' ''(to Gregory)'': Is the law of our side if I say ay?&lt;br&gt;'''Gregory''': No.&lt;br&gt;'''Sampson''': No, sir, I do not bite my thumb at you sir; but I bite my thumb, sir.&lt;br&gt;'''Gregory''': Do you quarrel, sir?&lt;br&gt;'''Abraham''': Quarrel, sir! No, sir.&lt;br&gt;'''Sampson''': If you do, sir, I am for you: I serve as good a man as you.&lt;br&gt;'''Abraham''': No better.&lt;br&gt;'''Sampson''': Well, sir.
'''Benvolio''': What sadness lengthens Romeo's hours?&lt;br&gt;'''Romeo''': Not having that, which, having, makes them short.&lt;br&gt;'''Benvolio''': In love?&lt;br&gt;'''Romeo''': Out-&lt;br&gt;'''Benvolio''': Of love?&lt;br&gt;'''Romeo''': Out of her favour, where I am in love.
Why then, O brawling love! O loving hate! O any thing, of nothing first create! O heavy lightness! serious vanity! Mis-shapen chaos of well-seeming forms!
If love be rough with you, be rough with love;&lt;br&gt;Prick love for pricking, and you beat love down.
Is love a tender thing? it is too rough, &lt;br&gt;Too rude, too boisterous, and it pricks like thorn. 
Did my heart love till now? Forswear it, sight!&lt;br&gt;For I ne'er saw true beauty till this night.
You kiss by th'book.
My only love sprung from my only hate!&lt;br&gt;Too early seen unknown, and known too late!
'''But, soft! what light through yonder window breaks?&lt;br&gt;It is the east, and Juliet is the sun!''' 
O Romeo, Romeo! wherefore art thou Romeo?&lt;br&gt;Deny thy father and refuse thy name;&lt;br&gt;Or, if thou wilt not, be but sworn my love,&lt;br&gt;And I'll no longer be a Capulet.
'Tis but thy name that is my enemy; -&lt;br&gt;Thou art thyself though, not a Montague.&lt;br&gt;What's Montague? It is nor hand, nor foot,&lt;br&gt;Nor arm, nor face, nor any other part&lt;br&gt;Belonging to a man. O, be some other name!&lt;br&gt;'''What's in a name? That which we call a rose,&lt;br&gt;By any other word would smell as sweet''';&lt;br&gt;So Romeo would, were he not Romeo call'd,&lt;br&gt;Retain that dear perfection which he owes&lt;br&gt;Without that title: - Romeo, doff thy name;&lt;br&gt;And for thy name, which is no part of thee,&lt;br&gt;Take all myself.
I take thee at thy word:&lt;br&gt;Call me but love, and I'll be new baptiz'd;&lt;br&gt;Henceforth I never will be Romeo.
O, swear not by the moon, the inconstant moon,&lt;br&gt;That monthly changes in her circled orb,&lt;br&gt;Lest that thy love prove likewise variable.
Love goes toward love, as schoolboys from their books,&lt;br&gt;But love from love, toward school with heavy looks.
'''Good-night, good-night! Parting is such sweet sorrow&lt;br&gt;That I shall say good-night till it be morrow.'''
For naught so vile that on the earth doth live&lt;br&gt;But to the earth some special good doth give;&lt;br&gt;Nor aught so good but, strain'd from that fair use,&lt;br&gt;Revolts from true birth, stumbling on the abuse:&lt;br&gt;Virtue itself turns vice, being misapplied;&lt;br&gt;And vice sometimes by action dignified.
Thou art like one of those fellows who, when he enters the confines of a tavern, claps his sword on the table and says, 'God send me no need of thee!'  And, by the operation of the second cup, draws it on the drawer when, indeed, there is no need.
I am hurt; -&lt;br&gt;A plague o' both your houses! - I am sped. -&lt;br&gt;Is he gone, and hath nothing?
'''Romeo''': Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much.&lt;br&gt;'''Mercutio''': No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church-door; but 'tis enough, 'twil serve: ask for me to-morrow, and you shall find me a grave man. I am peppered, I warrant, for this world. - A plague o' both your houses!...-Why the devil came you between us? I was hurt under your arm.&lt;br&gt;'''Romeo''': I thought all for the best.&lt;br&gt;'''Mercutio''': Help me into some house, Benvolio, or I shall faint. - A plague o' both your houses! They have made worm's meat of me: I have it, and soundly too. - Your houses!
'''Benvolio''': Romeo, away, be gone! The citizens are up, and Tybalt slain. - Stand not amaz'd. The prince will doom thee death if thou are taken. Hence, be gone, away!&lt;br&gt;'''Romeo''': O, I am fortune's fool!&lt;br&gt;'''Benvolio''': Why dost thou stay?
I beg for justice, which thou, prince, must give;&lt;br&gt;Romeo slew Tybalt, Romeo must not live.
Come, gentle night, - come, loving black brow'd night,&lt;br&gt;Give me my Romeo; and when he shall die,&lt;br&gt;Take him and cut him out in little stars,&lt;br&gt;And he will make the face of Heaven so fine&lt;br&gt;That all the world will be in love with night,&lt;br&gt;And pay no worship to the garish sun.
There's no trust,&lt;br&gt;No faith, no honesty in men; all are perjur'd&lt;br&gt;All foresworn, all naught, all dissemblers.
Tell me not, friar, that thou hear'st of this,&lt;br&gt;Unless thou tell me how I may prevent it:&lt;br&gt;If, in thy wisdom, thou canst give no help,&lt;br&gt;Do thou but call my resolution wise,&lt;br&gt;And with this knife I'll help it presently.&lt;br&gt;God join'd my heart and Romeo's, thou our hands;&lt;br&gt;And ere this hand, by thee to Romeo seal'd,&lt;br&gt;Shall be the label to another dee,&lt;br&gt;Or my true heart with treacherous revolt&lt;br&gt;Turn to another, this shall slay them both:&lt;br&gt;Therefore, out of thy long-experienc'd time,&lt;br&gt;Give me some present counsel; or behold,&lt;br&gt;'Twixt my extremes and me this bloody knife&lt;br&gt;Shall play the umpire; arbitrating that&lt;br&gt;Which the commission of thy years and art&lt;br&gt;Could to no issue of true honour bring.&lt;br&gt;Be not so long to speak; I long to die,&lt;br&gt;If what thou speak'st speak not of remedy.
There is thy gold; worse poison to men's souls,&lt;br&gt;Doing more murder in this loathsome world&lt;br&gt;Than these poor compounds that thou mayst not sell.
'''O true apothecary! Thy drugs are quick.- Thus with a kiss I die.'''
'''Yea, noise,then I'll be brief;&lt;BR&gt;O, happy dagger!&lt;br&gt;This is thy sheath; there rest, and let me die.'''
Where be these enemies? Capulet! Montague!&lt;br&gt;See, what a scourge is laid upon your hate,&lt;br&gt;That heaven finds means to kill your joys with love!&lt;br&gt;And I, for winking at your discords too,&lt;br&gt;Have lost a brace of kinsmen: all are punish'd.
A glooming peace this morning with it brings;&lt;br&gt;The sun for sorrow will not show his head:&lt;br&gt;Go hence, to have more talk of these sad things;&lt;br&gt;Some shall be pardon'd and some punished:&lt;br&gt;'''For never was a story of more woe&lt;br&gt;Than this of Juliet and her Romeo.'''
&quot;A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history.&quot;&lt;ref name=&quot;brainyquote&quot;/&gt;
&quot;Be the change you want to see in the world.&quot;&lt;ref&gt;Leading Professional Learning Communities, pg. 42. Shirley M. Hord, William A. Sommers. Published by Corwin Press, 2007&lt;/ref&gt;
&quot;That action alone is just that does not harm either party to a dispute.&quot;&lt;ref&gt;Peter's Quotations: Ideas for Our Time. Laurence J. Peter. Bantam Books, New York NY, USA. 1977/1979.&lt;/ref&gt;
&quot;But the Jews should have offered themselves to the butcher's knife. They should have thrown themselves into the sea from cliffs.&quot;&lt;ref&gt;The Life of Mahatma Gandhi (1950) by Louis Fischer&lt;/ref&gt;
&quot;To call woman the weaker sex is a libel; it is man's injustice to woman. If by strength is meant brute strength, then, indeed, is woman less brute than man. If by strength is meant moral power, then woman is immeasurably man's superior.&quot;&lt;ref&gt;Young India (4 October 1930)&lt;/ref&gt;
'''What an excellent horse do they lose, for want of address and boldness to manage him! ... I could manage this horse better than others do.'''
'''Holy shadows of the dead, I’m not to blame for your cruel and bitter fate, but the accursed rivalry which brought sister nations and brother people, to fight one another.''' I do not feel happy for this victory of mine. On the contrary, I would be glad, brothers, if I had all of you standing here next to me, since we are united by '''the same language, the same blood and the same visions'''.
'''If I were not Alexander, I should wish to be Diogenes.'''
If it were not my purpose to combine barbarian things with things Hellenic (''Greek''), to traverse and civilize every continent, to search out the uttermost parts of land and sea, to push the bounds of Macedonia to the farthest Ocean, and to disseminate and shower the blessings of the Hellenic justice and peace over every nation, I should not be content to sit quietly in the luxury of idle power, but I should emulate the frugality of Diogenes. But as things are, forgive me Diogenes, that I imitate Herakles, and emulate Perseus, and follow in the footsteps of Dionysos, the divine author and progenitor of my family, and desire that victorious Hellenes should dance again in India and revive the memory of the Bacchic revels among the savage mountain tribes beyond the Kaukasos…
Our enemies are Medes and Persians, men who for centuries have lived soft and luxurious lives; we of Macedon for generations past have been trained in the hard school of danger and war. Above all, we are free men, and they are slaves. There are Greek troops, to be sure, in Persian service — but how different is their cause from ours! They will be fighting for pay — and not much of at that; '''we, on the contrary, shall fight for Greece, and our hearts will be in it'''. As for our foreign troops — Thracians, Paeonians, Illyrians, Agrianes — they are the best and stoutest soldiers in Europe, and they will find as their opponents the slackest and softest of the tribes of Asia. And what, finally, of the two men in supreme command? You have Alexander, they — Darius!
Your ancestors came to '''Macedonia and the rest of Hellas''' (''Greece'') and did us great harm, though we had done them no prior injury. I have been appointed '''leader of the Greeks''', and wanting to punish the Persians I have come to Asia, which I took from you...
'''So would I, if I were Parmenion.'''
Youths of the Pellaians and of the Macedonians and of the Hellenic Amphictiony and of the Lakedaimonians and of the Corinthians… and of all the Hellenic peoples, join your fellow-soldiers and entrust yourselves to me, so that we can move against the barbarians and liberate ourselves from the Persian bondage, '''for as Greeks we should not be slaves to barbarians'''.
Now you fear punishment and beg for your lives, so I will let you free, if not for any other reason so that you can see '''the difference between a Greek king and a barbarian tyrant''', so do not expect to suffer any harm from me. '''A king does not kill messengers.'''
'''To the strongest!'''
&quot;Muad'Dib learned rapidly because his first training was in how to learn. And the first lesson of all was the basic trust that he could learn. It's shocking to find how many people do not believe they can learn, and how many more believe learning to be difficult. Muad'Dib knew that every experience carries its lesson.&quot;
εύρηκα. (Eureka!) 
And that is a story that no one can beat,&lt;br&gt;When I say that I saw it on Mulberry Street.
'''I meant what I said,&lt;br&gt;and I said what I meant&lt;br&gt;An elephant's faithful,&lt;br&gt;One hundred percent.'''
&quot;Maybe Christmas,&quot; he thought, &quot;doesn't come from a store.&quot;&lt;br&gt;&quot;Maybe Christmas... perhaps... means a little bit more!&quot;
In Who-ville they say&lt;br&gt;That the Grinch's small heart&lt;br&gt;Grew three sizes that day!
The sun did not shine.&lt;br&gt;It was too wet to play.&lt;br&gt;So we sat in the house&lt;br&gt;All that cold, cold, wet day.
We looked! Then we saw him&lt;br&gt;Step in on the mat!&lt;br&gt;We looked! And we saw him!&lt;br&gt;The Cat in the Hat!
And today the great Yertle, that Marvelous he,&lt;br&gt;Is King of the Mud. That is all he can see.&lt;br&gt;And the turtles, of course...all the turtles are free&lt;br&gt;As turtles and, maybe, all creatures should be.
'''From there to here,&lt;br&gt; from here to there,&lt;br&gt; funny things are everywhere.'''
If you never did&lt;br&gt;You should.&lt;br&gt;These things are fun.&lt;br&gt;These things are good.
Sam I am &lt;br/&gt; I am Sam &lt;br/&gt; I am Sam &lt;br/&gt; Sam I am
I would not like them here or there.&lt;br&gt; I would not like them anywhere.&lt;br&gt;I do not like green eggs and ham.&lt;br&gt;I do not like them Sam I Am.
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot,&lt;br&gt; nothing is going to get better. It’s not.
The more that you read,&lt;br&gt;The more things you will know.&lt;br&gt;The more that you learn,&lt;br&gt;The more places you’ll go.
Young cat! If you keep&lt;br&gt;Your eyes open enough,&lt;br&gt;Oh, the stuff you will learn!&lt;br&gt;The most wonderful stuff!
On the fifteenth of May, in the Jungle of Nool,&lt;br&gt;In the heat of the day, in the cool of the pool,&lt;br&gt;He was splashing ...enjoying the jungle's great joys...&lt;br&gt;When Horton the elephant heard a small noise.
'''A person’s a person, no matter how small.'''
“My friends!” cried the elephant.&lt;br&gt;“Tell me!  Do tell!&lt;br&gt;Are you safe?  Are you sound?&lt;br&gt;Are you whole?  Are you well?”
You’re going to be roped!&lt;br&gt; And you’re going to be caged!&lt;br&gt;And, as for your dust speck - hah!&lt;br&gt;That we shall boil in a hot steaming kettle of Beezle-Nut Oil!”
Don’t give up!  I believe in you all &lt;br/&gt;  A person’s a person, no matter how small! &lt;br/&gt;  And you very small persons will not have to die &lt;br/&gt;  If you make yourselves heard!  So come on, now, and TRY!
“This,” cried the Mayor, “is your town's darkest hour! &lt;br&gt; The time for all Whos who have blood that is red &lt;br&gt; To come to the aid of their country!” he said. &lt;br&gt; “We’ve GOT to make noises in greater amounts! &lt;br&gt; So, open your mouth, lad! For every voice counts!”
Oh the things you can find&lt;br&gt;If you don't stay behind!
In the places I go there are things that I see &lt;br/&gt; That I never could spell if I stopped with the Z. &lt;br/&gt; I'm telling you this 'cause you're one of my friends. &lt;br/&gt; My alphabet starts where your alphabet ends!
'''It's high time you were shown &lt;br&gt; That you really don't know&lt;br&gt;All there is to be known.'''
You have brains in your head.&lt;br&gt;You have feet in your shoes.&lt;br&gt;You can steer yourself&lt;br&gt;any direction you choose.&lt;br&gt;You're on your own.&lt;br&gt;And you know what you know.&lt;br&gt;And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go.
You won’t lag behind, because you’ll have the speed.&lt;br&gt;You’ll pass the whole gang and you’ll soon take the lead.&lt;br&gt;Wherever you fly, you’ll be the best of the best.&lt;br&gt;Wherever you go, you will top all the rest.
I'm sorry to say so&lt;br&gt;But, sadly it's true&lt;br&gt;That bang-ups and hang-ups&lt;br&gt;Can happen to you.
Will you succeed?&lt;br&gt;Yes you will indeed!&lt;br&gt;(98 and 3/4 percent guaranteed.)
He who is in love is wise and is becoming wiser, sees newly every time he looks at the object beloved, drawing from it with his eyes and his mind those virtues which it possesses.
Place yourself in the middle of the stream of power and wisdom which animates all whom it floats, and you are without effort impelled to truth, to right and a perfect contentment.
I fancy I need more than another to speak (rather than write), with such a formidable tendency to the lapidary style. I build my house of boulders.
Yet a man may love a paradox, without losing either his wit or his honesty.
Literature is the effort of man to indemnify himself for the wrongs of his condition.
There is always a certain meanness in the argument of conservatism, joined with a certain superiority in its fact.
The two parties which divide the State, the party of Conservatism and that of Innovation are very old, and have disputed the possession of the world ever since it was made ... Now one, now the other gets the day, and still the fight renews itself as if for the first time, under new names and hot personalities ... Innovation is the salient energy; Conservatism the pause on the last movement.
Self-reliance, the height and perfection of man, is reliance on God.
I am not blind to the worth of the wonderful gift of &quot;LEAVES OF GRASS.&quot; I find it the most extraordinary piece of wit and wisdom that America has yet contributed. I am very happy in reading it, as great power makes us happy. It meets the demand I am always making of what seemed the sterile and stingy nature, as if too much handiwork, or too much lymph in the temperament, were making our western wits fat and mean. &lt;br/&gt; I give you joy of your free and brave thought. I have great joy in it. I find incomparable things said incomparably well, as they must be. I find the courage of treatment which so delights us, and which large perception only can inspire. &lt;br/&gt; I greet you at the beginning of a great career, which yet must have had a long foreground somewhere, for such a start. I rubbed my eyes a little, to see if this sunbeam were no illusion; but the solid sense of the book is a sober certainty. It has the best merits, namely, of fortifying and encouraging…
Classics which at home are drowsily read have a strange charm in a country inn, or in the transom of a merchant brig.
I find the Englishman to be him of all men who stands firmest in his shoes. They have in themselves what they value in their horses, — mettle and bottom.
Never read any book that is not a year old.
If the colleges were better, if they ... had the power of imparting valuable thought, creative principles, truths which become powers, thoughts which become talents, — if they could cause that a mind not profound should become profound, — we should all rush to their gates: instead of contriving inducements to draw students, you would need to set police at the gates to keep order in the in-rushing multitude.
Only the great generalizations survive. The sharp words of the Declaration of Independence, lampooned then and since as glittering generalities, have turned out blazing ubiquities that will burn forever and ever.
The key to the period appeared to be that the mind had become aware of itself ... The young men were born with knives in their brain, a tendency to introversion, self-dissection, anatomizing of motives.
Poetry teaches the enormous force of a few words, and, in proportion to the inspiration, checks loquacity.
There are two classes of poets — the poets by education and practice, these we respect; and poets by nature, these we love.
&quot;There shall be no slavery of the mind.&quot;
''Ce qu’on ne peut dire et ce qu’on ne peut taire, la musique l’exprime.''
'''It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair, we had everything before us, we had nothing before us, we were all going direct to Heaven, we were all going direct the other way—''' in short, the period was so far like the present period, that some of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received, for good or for evil, in the superlative degree of comparison only.
The Dover mail was in its usual genial position that the guard suspected the passengers, the passengers suspected one another and the guard, they all suspected everybody else, and the coachman was sure of nothing but the horses; as to which cattle he could with a clear conscience have taken his oath on the two Testaments that they were not fit for the journey.
Keep where you are because, if I should make a mistake, it could never be set right in your lifetime.
For I'm the devil at quick mistakes, and when I make one it takes the form of Lead.
&quot;What did you make of it, Tom?&quot; &lt;br /&gt; &quot;Nothing at all, Joe.&quot; &lt;br /&gt; &quot;That's a coincidence, too, for I made the same of it myself.&quot;
'''A wonderful fact to reflect upon, that every human creature is constituted to be that profound secret and mystery to every other. A solemn consideration, when I enter a great city by night, that every one of those darkly clustered houses encloses its own secret; that every room in every one of them encloses its own secret; that every beating heart in the hundreds of thousands of breasts there, is, in some of its imaginings, a secret to the heart nearest it!''' Something of the awfulness, even of Death itself, is preferable to this. No more can I turn the leaves of this dear book that I loved, and vainly hope in time to read it all. No more can I look into the depths of this unfathomable water, wherein, as momentary lights glanced into it, I have had glimpses of buried treasure and other things submerged. It was appointed that the book should shut with a spring, for ever and for ever, when I had read but a page. It was appointed that the water should be locked in an eternal frost, when the light was playing on its surface, and I stood in ignorance on the shore. '''My friend is dead, my neighbour is dead, my love, the darling of my soul, is dead; it is the inexorable consolidation and perpetuation of the secret that was always in that individuality, and which I shall carry in mine to my life's end. In any of the burial-places of this city through which I pass, is there a sleeper more inscrutable than its busy inhabitants are, in their innermost personality, to me, or than I am to them?'''
“If you hear my voice – I don’t know that it is so, but I hope it is – if you hear in my voice any resemblance to a voice that once was sweet music in your ears, weep for it, weep for it! If you touch, in touching my hair, anything that recalls a beloved head that lay on your breast when you were young and free, weep for it, weep for it! If, when I hint to you of a Home that is before us, where I will be true to you with all my duty and with all my faithful service, I bring back the remembrance of a home long desolate, while your poor heart pined away, weep for it, weep for it!”....
Sadly, sadly, the sun rose; it rose upon no sadder sight than the man of good abilities and good emotions, incapable of their directed exercise, incapable of his own help and his own happiness, sensible of the blight on him, and resigning himself to let it eat him away.
Deep ditch, single drawbridge, massive stone walls, eight great towers, cannon, muskets, fire and smoke. One drawbridge down! “Work, comrades all, work! Work, Jacques One, Jacques Two, Jacques One Thousand, Jacques Two Thousand; in the name of all the angels or the devils – which you prefer – work!”
Liberty, equality, fraternity, or death;-- the last, much the easiest to bestow, O Guillotine!
&quot;I, Alexandre Manette, unfortunate physician, native of Beauvais, and afterwards resident in Paris, write this melancholy paper in my doleful cell in the Bastille, during the last month of the year 1767. I write it at stolen intervals, under every difficulty. I design to secrete it in the wall of the chimney, where I have slowly and laboriously made a place of concealment for it. Some pitying hand may find it there, when I and my sorrows are dust.&quot;
Defarge, a weak minority interposed a few words for the memory of the compassionate wife of the Marquis; but only elicited from his own wife a repetition of her last reply.  &quot;Tell the Wind and the Fire where to stop; not me!&quot;
Do you think that it will seem long to me, while I wait for her in the better land where I trust both you and I will be mercifully sheltered?
I see a beautiful city and a brilliant people rising from this abyss, and, in their struggles to be truly free, in their triumphs and defeats, through long long to come, I see the evil of this time and of the previous time of which this is the natural birth, gradually making expiation for itself and wearing out.
I see the lives for which I lay down my life, peaceful, useful, prosperous and happy, in that England which I shall see no more.
I see that I hold a sanctuary in their hearts, and in the hearts of their descendants, generations hence. I see her, an old woman, weeping for me on the anniversary of this day. I see her and her husband, their course done, lying side by side in their last earthly bed, and I know that each was not more honoured and held sacred in the other's soul, than I was in the souls of both.
I see that child who lay upon her bosom and who bore my name, a man winning his way up in that path of life which once was mine. I see him winning it so well, that my name is made illustrious there by the light of his. I see the blots I threw upon it, faded away. I see him, foremost of just judges and honoured men, bringing a boy of my name, with a forehead that I know and golden hair, to this place— then fair to look upon, with not a trace of this day's disfigurement— and I hear him tell the child my story, with a tender and a faltering voice.
'''It is a far, far better thing that I do, than I have ever done; it is a far, far better rest that I go to than I have ever known.'''&quot;
The ability to see all your edits with a &quot;my changes&quot; link 
Your own ''user page''
Your own ''talk page'' which, if you choose, also allows users to send you messages without knowing your e-mail address
The use of your own personal list of watched pages (&quot;my watched pages&quot;) to which you can add articles that interest you
The ability to move/rename pages
The ability to customize the appearance and behaviour of the website
Guidances
Lists are easy to do:
You can even do mixed lists
Used to show literal data that would otherwise have special meaning.
Escapes all wiki markup, including that which looks like HTML tags.
Does not escape HTML character entities.
Used to leave comments in a page for future editors.
What Wikiquote is:
Come over here, let me talk to ya real close. ''-Tekken 5''
Oh, yes. ''-Tekken 5''
Such a lovely face... ''- Tekken 5''
My pleasure. ''- Tekken 5''
I don't have time to play games with you. ''- Tekken 5''
What an utter disappointment. ''- Tekken 5''
You Bitch! Ergh! Ergh! '' - Tekken 5''
Oooh, baby! ''- Tekken 3''
You're gonna get hurt! ''-Tekken 5''
Come and get me! ''-Tekken 5''
Let's get this over with. ''-Tekken 5''
You're sure? You're sure you wanna fight me? ''-Tekken 5''
Don't hold anything back! ''-Tekken 5''
You're all show. ''- Tekken 5''
Man, you're weak. ''- Tekken 5''
Come on! Next! ''- Tekken 5''
That's the lesson for today. ''- Tekken 5''
Are you ready? ''-Tekken 5''
That was a good match. ''- Tekken 5''
Go back and practice. ''- Tekken 5''
Why don't you try taking up Tae Kwon Do? ''- Tekken 5''
I'm your worst nightmare. ''-Tekken 5''
Come on. ''-Tekken 5''
Go easy on me! -''Tekken 4'' and''Tekken 5''
Here we go! -''Tekken 4'' and ''Tekken 5''
Hey, did you hurt yourself? -''Tekken 4 ''and'' Tekken 5''
Good night. -'' Tekken 4 ''and '' Tekken 5''
Get your cameras ready folks. This ain't gonna last long. ''- Tekken 5''
I'll break  your face! ''- Tekken 4 and Tekken 5''
Name's Marduk... Don't you forget it! ''- Tekken 4 and Tekken 5''
I'm number one! I'm number one! ''- Tekken 5''
Don't waste my time! ''- Tekken 4 and Tekken 5''
Fear the wrath of God! ''-Tekken 5''
Kyoufu wo oshiete yarou! ''-Tekken 5''
Come on. ''-Tekken 5''
What do you want? ''-Tekken 5''
Come on. - ''Tekken 5''
Gotcha! ''- Tekken 5''
Come back when you're ready to fight. ''- Tekken 5''
That felt good. Next! - ''Tekken 5: Dark Resurrection''
Come on! ''-Tekken 5''
Yeah, yeah. Shut up already. ''-Tekken 5''
That's it? That's all you've got? ''- Tekken 5''
Don't you have any special moves or something? ''- Tekken 5''
Not too fast, are you? ''- Tekken 5''
Kyoufu wo oshiete yarou! ''-Tekken 6''
Come on. ''-Tekken 5''
He's waiting for me... ''-Tekken 5''
Don't get in my way. ''-Tekken 5''
Forgive me. ''- Tekken 5''
I'll get you... ''- Tekken 5''
The Mishima bloodline ends here. ''- Tekken 5''
So. What you want? ''- Tekken 4''
There's no reason to fight. ''- Tekken 4''
Die! ''- Tekken 5''
I am Jinpachi Mishima. My goal is... My goal is to destroy all existence!
Spirits, give me strength. ''-Tekken 4 &amp; 5''
Okay. ''- Tekken 4 &amp; 5''
Thank you, spirits. ''- Tekken 5''
Your sacrifice won't be in vain. ''- Tekken 5''
You're not ready to face me. ''- Tekken 5''
Oh, baby? Ready to dance with me?''- Tekken 6''
Kisamaka. ''-Tekken 5''
Omae ka. ''-Tekken 5''
Kiero. ''- Tekken 5''
Pathetic. ''- Tekken 5''
Die! ''- Tekken 5''
I told you are  mistaken! (Kazuya slaps Jun)
Come on.
You shouldn't take me too lightly. ''- Tekken 5''
You need to fight with more class. ''- Tekken 5''
Give up, or you're gonna get hurt. ''- Tekken 5''
Two fingers. ''- Tekken 5''
Excellent... ''- Tekken 4 and Tekken 5''
Come on. ''-Tekken 5''
Let's go. ''-Tekken 5''
You're not good enough. ''- Tekken 5''
Humph! ''- Tekken 5''
Freeze! ''-Tekken 4''
Oww... That's gonna leave some mark... ''-Tekken 5''
You surely don't believe that you can beat me! - ''Tekken 5: Dark Resurrection''
My battles are for my father. - ''Tekken 5: Dark Resurrection''
This is a great place to fight, don't you think? - ''Tekken 5: Dark Resurrection''
Sebastian, they say they're leaving already. - ''Tekken 5: Dark Resurrection''
(Sighs.). Sebastian, can't you do better than this? - ''Tekken 5: Dark Resurrection
How long can you stand my attacks? - ''Tekken 5: Dark Resurrection''
Please don't tell my father. - ''Tekken 5: Dark Resurrection''
It's time for my afternoon tea. Farewell! - ''Tekken 5: Dark Resurrection''
The moment of victory. I love it! - ''Tekken 5: Dark Resurrection''
Come on baby, show me what you've got. ''- Tekken 5''
Time to die! ''- Tekken 5''
I don't play with amateurs. ''- Tekken 5''
It was nothing... Good bye. ''- Tekken 5''
Finished already?... Please. ''- Tekken 5''
You must be joking. ''- Tekken 5''
What a nuisance! ''- Tekken 5''
Isn't it past your bedtime? ''- Tekken 5''
Gotcha! ''- Tekken 5''
Nothing like a good workout! ''- Tekken 5''
No pain, no gain. ''- Tekken 5''
I'm the toughest in the Universe!''- Tekken 5''
Damn it, you B****rd Bear!''- Tekken 5''
Any time! Any place! Bring it on ya aliens!- Tekken 5
Heihachi Mishima... is dead. ''- Tekken 5''
I cannot allow you to interfere. ''- Tekken 5''
It's useless to resist. ''- Tekken 5''
It's just business. Don't take it personally. ''- Tekken 5''
Rin! Pyoh! Toh! Sha! Kai! Jin! Retsu! Zai! Zen! ''- Tekken 5''
Resuming mission. ''- Tekken 5''
I'll see you in hell. ''- Tekken 5''
Hey you. You wanna try me, guv? ''- Tekken 5''
Strength alone cannot win, young one. ''- Tekken 5''
Oh well. ''- Tekken 5''
Wow... You're hot! (to women) ''- Tekken 5''
Woah... Today must be my lucky day. (against female opponents) ''- Tekken 5''
Xiaoyu... Is dinner ready yet? I'm starving. ''- Tekken 5''
Power and strength are not the same thing. Until you realize that, you will never beat me. (said to Heihachi in an interlude) ''-Tekken 5''
Looks like I'm in for a fight. ''-Tekken 5''
Bye bye! ''- Tekken 5''
Yeah! ''- Tekken 5''
Ai-ya... ''- Tekken 5''
Owww... ''- Tekken 5''
I'm pretty strong, you know! ''- Tekken 5''
Oops, I won! ''- Tekken 5''
'''Anna:''' Well...it's certainly an honor to meet you, Mr. Lee Chaolan.
'''Nina:''' It's really a shame. This is the last time I'm going to see your face.
'''Asuka:''' Hey, you haven't seen a strange Chinese Kenpo fighter around here, have you? He's muscular...and looks like a... Hey! It's you!
'''Asuka:''' Who is that? Whoever it is, things don't look too promising.
'''Hwoarang:''' Master! Please take it easy! I'll...
'''Steve:''' Go home, pops. I have no time for old-timers.
'''Kazuya:''' It's you, Bruce. It's been a while.
'''Lei:''' Bryan Fury.
'''Yoshimitsu:''' You'll not get away now that I've finally found you!
'''Bruce:''' Well! The competition certainly has gotten easier on the eyes.
'''Eddy:''' Christie, it's too dangerous. I want you to go home!
'''Devil Jin:''' ...give it to me...
'''Asuka:''' Hold on a sec! What are you guys doing?
'''Jinpachi:''' You fool...You cannot defeat me after giving in to the Devil.
'''Christie:''' Eddy, leave this to me.
'''Eddy:''' Hey, I remember your face!
'''Lei:''' I finally found you.
'''Asuka:''' I finally found you! You're the Chinese guy that took out my dad, aren't you?
'''Jinpachi:''' Die.
'''Ganryu:''' Are you the one that has the Forest Rejuvenation Data?
'''Heihachi:''' You! You're one of those things that tried to kill me! 
'''Heihachi:''' Kazuya! How dare you double cross me!
'''Heihachi:''' It's been a long time, Father.
'''Baek:''' Hwoarang, you went out by yourself again without my permission...
'''Hwoarang:''' Hey Kazama, looks like this is it.
'''Jinpachi:''' Die!
'''Jin:''' I'm sorry, I can't keep our promise. Things are a bit different now.
'''Jinpachi:''' And who might you be?
'''Julia:''' You! Hand over the Forest Rejuvenation data right now!
'''Jinpachi''' Die!
'''Yoshimitsu''' Fight with all you have!
'''Yoshimitsu''' Scoundrel! I've found you at last!
'''Yoshimitsu''' It's over. Sit down. I will deliver the final blow. Insolent Bastard! Stop!
Guy named Otto Octavius winds up with eight limbs. What are the odds?
Lookin' for a raise? Get out!
Intelligence is not a privilege, it's a gift, to be used for the good of mankind.
Has anybody lost a large roll of 20 dollar bills in a rubber band? Because we found the rubber band.
The power of the sun...in the palm of my hand.
You've stuck your webs into my business for the last time!
The true crime would be to not finish what we started.
You have a train to catch.
Doctor Octopus — Alfred Molina
Aunt May — Rosemary Harris
J. Jonah Jameson — J.K Simmons
There are different types of love. 
Papa, I cannot see his color. 
If he dies, all that is left of me will die with him.
I'm not going to tell you what your color is, so stop asking.
We'll be safe, we have the magic rocks.
My sister has found love... again.
I'm back, Lucius.
My sister cried a lot. You wonder how I recognize you? Some people - just a handful, mind you - give off the tiniest color. It's faint. Like a haze. It's the only thing I ever see in the darkness. Papa has it, too. Do you wonder what your color is? Well, that I won't tell you. It's not ladylike to speak of such things. You shouldn't even have asked.
His will to live is very strong.
The moment I heard my daughter's vision had finally failed her, and that she'd forever be blind, I was sitting in that chair. I was so ashamed. 
You are fearless in a way that I shall never know. 
Yes, I have risked. I hope I am always able to risk everything for the just and right cause. 
We have always had a gentle understanding with the creatures that live in the woods.
The world moves for love; it kneels before it in awe.
Who'll pinch me to wake me up? Who will laugh at me when I fall? Whose breath will I listen for so that I may sleep? Whose hand will I hold so that I may walk?
I often wondered if you and my son bonded because neither of you was fond of speaking. You're very kind. You must pardon my manners; I haven't slept in many nights.
'''Noah Percy''': They're coming.
'''Brown-Eyed Girl''': Heed the warning bell, for they are coming.
'''Finton Coin''': Thank you, Lucius. You're a good friend.
'''Guard at Desk''': Do not get into conversations.
'''Beatrice''': It is amazing what two people love chooses to unite. It follows no rules.    
Run. The truce is ending.
I: Let the bad color not be seen. It attracts them. &lt;br/&gt; II: Never enter the woods. That is where they wait. &lt;br/&gt; III: Heed the warning bell, for they are coming.
There is no turning back.
You know how Sister Berta always makes me kiss the floor after we've had a disagreement? Well, lately I've taken to kissing the floor whenever I see her coming, just to save time.
Knowing how nervous I must have been - a stranger in a new household, knowing how important it was for me to feel accepted, it was so kind and thoughtful of you to make my first moments here so warm... and happy and... pleasant.
The poor didn't want this one...
I can't seem to stop singing wherever I am. And what's worse, I can't seem to stop saying things - anything and everything I think and feel
There were times when we would look at each other, oh Mother I could hardly breathe.
Oh, no, sir. I'm sorry, sir. I could never answer to a whistle. Whistles are for dogs and cats and other animals, but not for children and definitely not for me. It would be too... humiliating. 
Yes, well the children were scared of the thunderstorm and... You did, sir.
In the future, you'll kindly remember there are certain rooms in this house which are not to be disturbed.
Every morning, you will drill the children in their studies. I will not permit them to dream away their summer holidays. Each afternoon, they will march about the grounds breathing deeply. Bedtime is to be strictly observed - no exceptions...You will see to it that they conduct themselves at all time with the utmost orderliness and decorum. I am placing you in command.
The first rule in this house is discipline.
Fräulein, is it to be at every meal, or merely at dinnertime, that you intend on leading us all through this rare and wonderful new world of... indigestion?
Activity suggests a life filled with purpose.
It's the dress. You'll have to put on another one before you meet the children.
It seems to be the will of God that you leave us...only for a while, Maria...Perhaps if you go out into the world for a time, knowing what we expect of you, you will have a chance to find out if you can expect it of yourself.
You will be assuming the position of governess until September...to take care of seven children of Captain von Trapp, a retired officer of the Imperial Navy, a fine man and a brave one. His wife died several years ago, leaving him alone with the children. Now I understand he's had a most difficult time managing to keep a governess there.
'''Frau Schmidt''': The von Trapp children don't play. They march. He runs this house as if he were on one of his ships again - whistles, orders, no more music, no more laughing. Nothing that reminds him of her, even the children.
'''Liesl''': I'm Liesl. I'm sixteen years old and I don't need a governess.
'''Kurt''': Only grown-up men are scared of women.
'''Kurt''': I haven't had so much fun since the day we put glue on Fräulein Josephine's toothbrush. 
'''Max''': I like rich people. I like the way they live.  I like the way I live when I'm with them. 
'''Gretl''': I've got a sore finger.
Times change.
(to a robot) Bring me a juice box, ''bee-yotch''!
It's your fault Mom and Dad got divorced.
Still think I have gorgeous eyes?
(pointing at Danny) Danny spun me.
Adventure is waiting.
'''I'd rather be a climbing ape than a falling angel.'''
No, I happen to be one of those people whose memory shuts down under pressure. The answers would come to me in the middle of the night in my sleep! Besides, I am a millionaire.
As they say in Discworld, we are trying to unravel the Mighty Infinite using a language which was designed to tell one another where the fresh fruit was.
'''Life doesn't happen in chapters— at least, not regular ones.''' Nor do movies. Homer didn't write in chapters. I can see what their purpose is in children's books (&quot;I'll read to the end of the chapter, and then you must go to sleep&quot;) but I'm blessed if I know what function they serve in books for adults.
There is a rumour going around that I have found God. I think this is unlikely because I have enough difficulty finding my keys, and there is empirical evidence that they exist. 
Over the centuries, mankind has tried many ways of combating the forces of evil... prayer, fasting, good works and so on.  Up until Doom, no one seemed to have thought about the double-barrel shotgun.  Eat leaden death, demon...
There should be a notice ahead of the movie that says 'This movie is PG. Can you read? You are a Parent. Do you understand what Guidance is? Or are you just another stupid toddler who thinks they're an adult simply because they've grown older and, unfortunately, have developed fully-functioning sexual organs? Would you like some committee somewhere to decide *everything* for you? Get a damn grip, will you? And shut the wretched kid up !'
'''A.''' Use in the Title Page (and on the covers, if any) a title distinct from that of the Document, and from those of previous versions (which should, if there were any, be listed in the History section of the Document). You may use the same title as a previous version if the original publisher of that version gives permission. 
'''B.''' List on the Title Page, as authors, one or more persons or entities responsible for authorship of the modifications in the Modified Version, together with at least five of the principal authors of the Document (all of its principal authors, if it has fewer than five), unless they release you from this requirement. 
'''C.''' State on the Title page the name of the publisher of the Modified Version, as the publisher. 
'''D.''' Preserve all the copyright notices of the Document. 
'''E.''' Add an appropriate copyright notice for your modifications adjacent to the other copyright notices. 
'''F.''' Include, immediately after the copyright notices, a license notice giving the public permission to use the Modified Version under the terms of this License, in the form shown in the Addendum below. 
'''G.''' Preserve in that license notice the full lists of Invariant Sections and required Cover Texts given in the Document's license notice. 
'''H.''' Include an unaltered copy of this License. 
'''I.''' Preserve the section Entitled &quot;History&quot;, Preserve its Title, and add to it an item stating at least the title, year, new authors, and publisher of the Modified Version as given on the Title Page. If there is no section Entitled &quot;History&quot; in the Document, create one stating the title, year, authors, and publisher of the Document as given on its Title Page, then add an item describing the Modified Version as stated in the previous sentence. 
'''J.''' Preserve the network location, if any, given in the Document for public access to a Transparent copy of the Document, and likewise the network locations given in the Document for previous versions it was based on. These may be placed in the &quot;History&quot; section. You may omit a network location for a work that was published at least four years before the Document itself, or if the original publisher of the version it refers to gives permission. 
'''K.''' For any section Entitled &quot;Acknowledgements&quot; or &quot;Dedications&quot;, Preserve the Title of the section, and preserve in the section all the substance and tone of each of the contributor acknowledgements and/or dedications given therein. 
'''L.''' Preserve all the Invariant Sections of the Document, unaltered in their text and in their titles. Section numbers or the equivalent are not considered part of the section titles. 
'''M.''' Delete any section Entitled &quot;Endorsements&quot;. Such a section may not be included in the Modified Version. 
'''N.''' Do not retitle any existing section to be Entitled &quot;Endorsements&quot; or to conflict in title with any Invariant Section. 
'''O.''' Preserve any Warranty Disclaimers. 
'''Semi protection''' Only registered users with some experience can edit the page.
'''Cascade protection''' Not only the page but also all its inclusions are fully protected.  
A sysop may protect the following types of pages:
A sysop may protect a page, if necessary, without discussion, following the procedure described in this page.
Simple English for 'Sourced' and 'Attributed'.
Purpose : Adding interwiki links.
Script used : pywikipedia
Already has the bot flag on : fr,de,en,pl,sl,bg,hu,ja,no,gl,he,it,tr,sv,nl,bs,el,zh
a global bot must only maintain interlanguage links or fix double-redirects;
a global bot must have already been active on several wikis, with long-term contributions demonstrating its trustworthiness.
'''Our best destiny, as planetary cohabitants, is the development of what has been called &quot;species consciousness&quot; —  something over and above nationalisms, blocs, religions, ethnicities. During this week of incredulous misery, I have been trying to apply such a consciousness, and such a sensibility. Thinking of the victims, the perpetrators, and the near future, I felt species grief, then species shame, then species fear.'''
popup|navpop.js
HotCat|Hotcat.js
recentchangesbox|recentchangesbox.js
lastdiff|lastdiff.js
refToolbar|refToolbar.js
OtherWikis|OtherWikis.js
Twinkle|Twinkle.js
UTCLiveClock|UTCLiveClock.js
addsection-plus|addsection-plus.js
UserChangesTab|UserChangesTab.js
edittop|edittop.js
vandalwarner|vandalwarner.js
CleanDeleteReasons|CleanDeleteReasons.js</text>
&quot;I didn't cry because I do not know how to cry.&quot; 
&quot;My mother did not have time to tell me stories.&quot;
&quot;I've stolen a garden. But it may already be dead, I don't know.&quot;
&quot;The spell was broken. My uncle learned to laugh, and I learned to cry. The secret garden is always open now. Open, and awake, and alive. If you look the right way, you can see that the whole world is a garden.&quot;
&quot;I'm coming back tomorrow and the day after that and the day after that and the day after that.&quot;
&quot;When they said you were coming from India I thought you were going to be a native.&quot;
&quot;I thought all little girls liked to be tickled.&quot;
&quot;A kid copies what is good. I remember the first time I saw Lefty O'Doul, and he was as far away as those palms. And I saw the guy come to bat in batting practice. I was looking through a knothole, and I said, 'Geez, does that guy look good!' And it was Lefty O'Doul, one of the greatest hitters ever.&quot;&lt;ref&gt;''The Sporting News (1994)&lt;/ref&gt;
If this is a '''talk page''', please sign by typing &quot;&lt;nowiki&gt;~~~~&lt;/nowiki&gt;&quot; at the end of your comment.
Only free resources (&quot;Royalty-free&quot;) that are not copyrighted can be copied word for word. This '''does not include''' most websites. By clicking &quot;Save page&quot;, you are promising that these are your own words, or words copied from a free resource that is not copyrighted.
Your '''user space''' is the collection of all the above.
A weblog
Discussion not related to Wikipedia
Personal information (more than a couple of pages) unrelated to Wikiquote
Personal opinions on matters unrelated to Wikiquote
Other non-encyclopedic material
Other users may edit pages in your user space
In some cases, material that does not somehow further the goals of the project may be removed (see below), as well as edits from banned users.
&quot;We wanted to bring some love to the world. I thought we were good at doing that. Bringin' love to the world.&quot;&lt;ref&gt;&quot;A Pop Genius Speaks of Love, Mercy, and Melody &quot; (November 6, 2001)&lt;/ref&gt;
ChenzwBot
American Eagle
GT5162
Chenzw
MBisanz
SwirlBoy39
&lt;!--enabledusersends--&gt;
&quot;Movies in Hollywood now, for the past 20 or 30 years, are made mainly by lawyers or agents.&quot;&lt;ref name=&quot;Science&quot;/&gt;
&quot;I could dance with you till the cows come home. On second thought, I'd rather dance with the cows till you come home.&quot;&lt;ref&gt;''Duck Soup'', 1933&lt;/ref&gt; 
&quot;Gentlemen, Chicolini here may talk like an idiot and look like an idiot. But don't let that fool you. He really is an idiot.&quot;&lt;ref&gt;''Duck Soup'', 1933&lt;/ref&gt; 
&quot;My hands are made of ham!&quot;
Purpose : Adding interwiki links. Fix any double redirects.
Script used : pywikipedia
Other projects : Have also requested bot flag for the Simple Wikibooks and Wiktionary.
''Inline documentation'' is the text to display inside the box.
With the lights out, it's less dangerous&lt;br&gt; Here we are now, entertain us&lt;br&gt;I feel stupid, and contagious&lt;br&gt;Here we are now, entertain us
Just because you're paranoid&lt;br&gt;Don't mean they're not after you.
On a &quot;/doc&quot; page, it displays a box explaining template documentation and links to the template page.
On other pages (ie, pages transcluding the &quot;/doc&quot; page), it notes that the documentation is transcluded from a subpage.
a
b
c
d
a&lt;br&gt;
b&lt;br&gt;
c&lt;br&gt;
d
&lt;u&gt;Reason for unblocking:&lt;/u&gt;
'''User conduct''':
'''Number and types of edits''':
Templated reasons
The discussion is '''not''' a vote. Please make suggestions on what action to take, and support your suggestion with reasons.
Please look at the article before you make a suggestion. Do not make an opinion using only the information given by the nominator. Looking at the history of the article may help to understand the situation.
Please read other comments and suggestions. They may have helpful information. 
Start your comments or suggestions on a new line. Start with &lt;code&gt;*&lt;/code&gt; and sign after your comment by adding &lt;code&gt;&lt;nowiki&gt;~~~~&lt;/nowiki&gt;&lt;/code&gt; to the end. If you are responding to another editor, put your comment directly below theirs and make sure your comment is indented (using more than one &lt;code&gt;*&lt;/code&gt;).
New users can make suggestions, but their ideas may not be considered, especially if the suggestion seems to be made in bad faith. The opinion of users who had an account before the start of the request may be given more weight or importance.
Please make ''only one'' suggestion. If you change your mind, change your original idea instead of adding a new one. The best way to do this is to put &lt;code&gt;&lt;nowiki&gt;&lt;s&gt;&lt;/nowiki&gt;&lt;/code&gt; before your old idea and &lt;code&gt;&lt;nowiki&gt;&lt;/s&gt;&lt;/nowiki&gt;&lt;/code&gt; after it. For example, if you wanted to delete an article but now think it should be kept, you could put: &quot;'''&lt;s&gt;Delete&lt;/s&gt; Quick keep'''&quot;.
No matter what I do, no matter how hard I try... the ones I love will always be the ones who pay.
(To Mary Jane after being asked what he said when Spider-Man asked about her) I said, um, 'Spider-Man,' I said, 'the great thing about M.J. is when you look in her eyes, and she looks back in yours, everything feels not quite normal, because you feel strong—and weak at the same time. You feel excited, and at the same time terrified. The truth is you don't know the way you feel, except you know the kind of man you want to be. It's as if you've reached the unreachable, and you weren't ready for it.
Peter Parker: I need that money.&lt;br&gt;Wrestling Promoter: I missed the part where that's my problem. 
Wrestling Promoter: You coulda taken him apart! Now he's gonna get away with ''my'' money!&lt;br&gt; Peter Parker: I missed the part where that's my problem. 
(To the Burglar) What about my uncle?! Did you give him a chance?! Did you?! ANSWER ME!!!
Peter, look, you're changing. I know. I went through the exact same thing at your age. 
Peter, these are the years when a man changes into the man he's going to be for the rest of his life. Just be careful who you change into. This guy, Flash Thompson, he probably deserved what happened. But just because you ''can'' beat him up, doesn't give you the ''right'' to. Remember: ''with great power comes great responsibility.''
Jameson, you slime! Who's the photographer who takes the pictures of Spider-Man?!
There are eight million people in this city, and those teeming masses exist for the sole purpose of lifting the few exceptional people onto their shoulders. You, me; we're exceptional. I could SQUASH YOU LIKE A BUG right now... but I'm offering you a choice. Join me. Imagine what we could accomplish together. What we could create... or we could destroy, causing the deaths of countless innocents in selfish battle again and again and again until we're both dead! Is that what you want? ''(Hops on his glider)'' Think about it, hero!
The only thing they like to see more than a hero is to see a hero fail, fall, die trying. In spite of everything you've done, eventually they will hate you... Why bother?
''(to Norman)'' Do you think it was coincidence? So many good things happening for you. All for you. Norman.
''(To Goblin)'' The Board members--you killed them!
''(to Norman, who has just guessed that the Performance Enhancers created the Goblin)'' 
The cunning warrior attacks neither body nor mind.
Sorry I was late. Work was ''murder''. ''(smiles)'' I brought a fruitcake.
Out, am I?!? (''to the Oscorp Board of directors, shortly before vaporizing them.'')
We are who we choose to be. Now CHOOSE!
''(singing to the tune of 'Itsy Bitsy Spider')'' The itsy bitsy Spider went up the waterspout. Down came the Goblin, who took the Spider out.
''(choking Dr. Stromm, pulls him up to face and turns normally serious)'' '''Back to formula?'''
Speak of the devil!
Sleeeeeep!
Godspeed, Spider-Man.
MJ and I... we're gonna have a hell of a time!
''(to Goblin)'' What do you want? ''(to Norman)'' To say what you won't. To do what you can't. To remove those standing in your way. ''(holds up a newspaper and smiles wickedly)''
Can Spider-Man come out to play?
 (reading front page ''Daily Bugle'' headline) ''Who is Spider-Man?'' He's a criminal, that's who he is! A vigilante! A public menace! (to Robbie Robertson) What's he doing on my front page?
Tomorrow morning, Spider-Man, page 1, with a decent picture this time. (to Ted Hoffman) Move Conway's to page 7 and give them 10 percent off. No, make it 5 percent.
(referring to the difficulty in catching Spider-Man on film) Aww, what is he, shy? If we can get a picture of Julia Roberts in a thong, we can certainly get a picture of this weirdo. Put it on the front page: ''Cash money for a picture of Spider-Man!'' He doesn't wanna be famous? Then I'll make him infamous!
(referring to Peter's photos of Spider-Man) They're crap. Crap. Crap. Mega-crap. I'll give you $200 for all of them. 
(Peter has just accused Jameson of slander) It is not! I resent that! Slander is spoken. In print it's libel. What are you, his lawyer? Get lost! Let him sue me, get rich like a normal human being!
(Peter says Jameson doesn't trust anyone) I trust my barber.
(Accepts Peter's photos, shows him to the door) Now, I never said you had a job. Meat! I'll send you a box of Christmas meat! Best I can do. Get out of here. Bring me more photos.
Welcome to the ''Daily Bugle''.
The acceptance of partition does not commit us to renounce Transjordan: one does not demand from anybody to give up his vision. We shall accept a state in the boundaries fixed today, but the boundaries of Zionist aspirations are the concern of the Jewish people and no external factor will be able to limit them.
Terrorism benefits the Arabs, it may lay waste the Yishuv and shake Zionism. But to follow in the Arabs' footsteps and ape their deeds is to be blind to the gulf between us. Our aims and theirs run counter: methods calculated to further theirs, are ruinous to us.
We accepted the UN resolution, but the Arabs did not. They are preparing to make war on us. If we defeat them and capture western Galilee or territory on both sides of the road to Jerusalem, these areas will become part of the state. Why should we obligate ourselves to accept boundaries that in any case the Arabs don't accept?
We extend the hand of peace and good-neighborliness to all the States around us and to their people, and we call upon them to cooperate in mutual helpfulness with the independent Jewish nation in its Land. The State of Israel is prepared to make its contribution in a concerted effort for the advancement of the entire Middle East.
Even amidst the violent attacks launched against us for months past, we call upon the sons of the Arab people dwelling in Israel to keep the peace and to play their part in building the State on the basis of full and equal citizenship and due representation in all its institutions, provisional and permanent.
To maintain the status quo will not do. We have to set up a dynamic state bent upon expansion.
I don't understand your optimism. Why should the Arabs make peace? If I was an Arab leader I would never make terms with Israel. That is natural: we have taken their country. Sure God promised it to us, but what does that matter to them? Our God is not theirs. We come from Israel, but two thousand years ago, and what is that to them? There has been antisemitism, the Nazis, Hitler, Auschwitz, but was that their fault? They only see one thing: we have come here and stolen their country. Why should they accept that? They may perhaps forget in one or two generations' time, but for the moment there is no chance. So, it's simple: we have to stay strong and maintain a powerful army. Our whole policy is there. Otherwise the Arabs will wipe us out.
Let me first tell you one thing: It doesn't matter what the world says about Israel; it doesn't matter what they say about us anywhere else. The only thing that matters is that we can exist here on the land of our forefathers. And unless we show the Arabs that there is a high price to pay for murdering Jews, we won't survive.
The most dangerous enemy to Israel’s security is the intellectual inertia of those who are responsible for security.
When possible, use the Simple English page. If there isn't a Simple English page, please use the regular English page (anything with a &quot;-en&quot; at the end is for regular English). Please don't use both the Simple English and regular English links.
&quot;commons&quot; will take you to a regular Commons page; &quot;commonscat&quot; will take you to a Commons category. Of the two, &quot;commons&quot; is better; a category is unorganized, while a full Commons page will have descriptions for each image.
&quot;source&quot; will take you to an Author page on Wikisource; use &quot;source-other&quot; to link to a regular article there.
&quot;news&quot; will perform a search on the English Wikinews; &quot;newscat&quot; can be used for very important figures that have entire categories on Wikinews.
Cells can be separated with either a new line and new bar, or by a double bar &quot;'''||'''&quot; on the same line.  Both produce the same output:
If you use single bars, then what might appear to be the first cell is in fact a format modifier applied to the cell, and the rest of your &quot;cells&quot; will be merged into one:
Optional '''parameters''' can modify the behavior of cells, rows, or the entire table.  For instance, a border could be added to the table:
Do not divide a table into sections by subheaders spanning several rows. Instead, an extra column can be made showing the content of these headers on each row, in a short form.
Do not have elements spanning several columns; instead, again, repeat the content on each row, in a short form.
In a column of numbers, do not put text such as &quot;ca.&quot; in front of a number—it will sort like zero. Do not put text after the number, and do not put a range of numbers (it does not affect the sorting position for numeric sorting mode, and in the case of a range, the first number determines the position, but if, possibly after sorting this or another column, the element is at the top, it will induce alphabetic sorting mode). Instead, put these texts in a separate column. Alternatively, for the greatest flexibility, alphabetic sorting mode with hidden sortkeys can be used. 
Can be previewed/debugged with any XHTML editor
Can be formatted for easier reading
Well-known
No characters like &quot;|&quot; which can collide with template and parser function syntax 
Can be previewed/debugged with any HTML editor
Can be formatted for easier reading
Well-known
Takes less space than XHTML
No characters like &quot;|&quot; which can collide with template and parser function syntax 
Easy to write
Easy to read
Takes little space
Tedious
Takes a lot of space
Difficult to read quickly
May not have browser support in future
Unfamiliar syntax
Rigid structure
Cannot be indented
Text (as in HTML tags) may be easier for some people to read than series of pipes, plus signs, exclamation marks, etc.
Is nothing more than a shortcut for HTML-style tags.  Not easily understood by those unfamiliar with HTML table concepts
&amp;lt;tr&amp;gt; tags will be automatically opened at the first &lt;td&amp;gt; equivalent
&amp;lt;tr&amp;gt; tags will be automatically closed at &lt;tr&amp;gt; and &lt;/table&amp;gt; equivalents
Five tildes give the date/time alone: 07:46, 27 November 2005 (UTC)
Three tildes give your user
Four tildes give your user 
Five tildes give the 
in a list  
''Unordered lists'' are easy to do:
in a list  
Of course you can start again.
'''Always render PNG''': Always make a PNG image from the TeX code.
'''Recommended for modern browsers'''. If you use a web browser that was released in the past year or so, use this option.
'''MathML if possible (experimental)'''
Option &quot;default&quot;: the appearance of links is as without the date formatting feature, except:
'''Rows''', '''Columns''': Here you can set up your preferred dimensions for the textbox used for editing page text.
'''Enable section editing by right-clicking on section titles (JavaScript)''': In compatible browsers, if this option is checked, a right-click on the section title will bring up the edit box for that section only.
'''Edit pages on double click (JavaScript)''': In compatible browsers, if this option is checked, a double click anywhere on the page will bring up the edit box for the entire contents of the page. 
'''Edit box has full width''': If this box is checked, the edit box (when you click &quot;Edit this page&quot;) will be the width of the browser window, minus the quickbar width.
'''Show preview on first edit''': When pressing the edit button or otherwise following a link to an edit page, show not only the edit box but also the rendered page, just like after pressing &quot;Show preview&quot;: This is especially useful when ''viewing'' a template, because even just viewing, not editing, typically requires both. Switch this off to see and/or edit the wikitext of a page for which rendering is slow or even timing out. This option can be overridden by &lt;tt&gt;&amp;preview=yes&lt;/tt&gt; / &lt;tt&gt;&amp;preview=no&lt;/tt&gt; URL parameter.
'''Show preview before edit box''': If you select this option, the preview will be displayed above the edit box when you click the &quot;Show preview&quot; button while editing a page.
'''Add pages I create to my watchlist''': If this option is selected, any page you create will automatically be added to your watchlist. 
'''Add pages you edit to your watchlist''': If this option is selected, any pages that you modify will be automatically added to your watchlist.
'''Mark all edits minor by default''': This option automatically selects the &quot;This is a minor edit&quot; checkbox when you edit pages.
'''Prompt me when entering a blank edit summary''': If selected, the editor will display a warning message when no edit summary is added to the edit summary box, after the &quot;Save page&quot; button is pressed.
'''Enhanced recent changes''' (not for all browsers). Group recent changes per day by article, display the titles of the changed articles in order from new to old latest change, or in the case of hiding minor edits, latest major change. This feature applies also to Related Changes, and, in the case that &quot;Expand watchlist to show all applicable changes&quot; has been selected, to the watchlist.
'''Lines to show per hit''' is somewhat cryptic; specifying a number n means: &quot;do not show any context if the search term occurs beyond line n in the page&quot;; here a paragraph, as well as the blank line between two paragraphs, each count as one &quot;line&quot;; line breaks in the source, even when not affecting the lay-out of the page (and even when not directly visible in the edit box of the article), affect the line count. Setting the parameter to 5000 or more gives context for every occurrence.
'''Characters of context per line''': the number of characters of context per occurrence; however, the context is anyway restricted to the &quot;line&quot; (see above) it occurs in. To get the whole line, put a large number like 5000.
Other users will be able to recognise you by your username when you make changes to pages. As a &quot;name&quot; an IP address is somewhat clumsy. Also, if you use computers at different locations (home, office, internet cafe, etc.) you have a different IP-address in each case; even in the same location, depending on the Internet connection, the IP-address may be different each time. Therefore a username is better to maintain an identity.
You will be able to mark an edit as minor, which avoids inconvenience for other users.
You will be able to keep track of changes to modules you are interested in using a ''watch list''.
If you choose to give an email address, other users will be able to contact you by email.  This feature is anonymous - the user who emails you will not know your email address.  You don't have to give your email address if you don't want to.
Changing your password.
Changing the ''skin'', which changes the way that the web pages look.
The &quot;hist&quot; link corresponds to the ''Page history'' link on the edited page: it shows not just this edit but also older and newer ones. For page moves, the hist link leads to the history of the new page title
A bold '''m''' indicates that the user marked the edit &quot;minor&quot;. Only logged in users can mark edits minor, to avoid abuse.
A bold '''b''' indicates that the edit is made by a bot (an account with bot flag), or that the edit is hidden by an administrator.
The next link is a link to the current version of the page in question.
&lt;span class='mw-plusminus-pos'&gt;(+1,864)&lt;/span&gt; (generally a green number with a +, or a red number with a -) refers to the number of bytes that have been added or removed.
Finally, there is a link to the user's talk page (the same remarks regarding existence apply).
For page moves, a link is given to both the old and new title.
'''Hide minor edits in recent changes''' - this hides all edits that have been marked as minor by logged in users;
'''Days to show in recent changes''' - You may select the number of days to be shown by default on the Recent Changes page.
'''Number of recent changes''' - You may select the number of changes which will be shown by default. Once on that page, links are provided for other options. In the case of Enhanced Recent Changes this number of changes includes those that are initially hidden.
&quot;We have exiled beauty; the Greeks took up arms for her.&quot;&lt;ref&gt;''Helen's Exile'' (1948)&lt;/ref&gt;
&quot;With rebellion, awareness is born.&quot;&lt;ref&gt;''Modern Man's Search for Belief'' (1966) by Anthony T. Padovano, page 109&lt;/ref&gt;
&quot;Merry Christmas! What right have you to be merry? What reason have you to be merry? You're poor enough.&quot; &quot;Come, then,&quot; returned the nephew gaily. &quot;What right have you to be dismal? What reason have you to be morose? You're rich enough.&quot;
&quot;If I could work my will,&quot; said Scrooge indignantly, &quot;Every idiot who goes about with 'Merry Christmas' on his lips, should be boiled with his own pudding, and buried with a stake of holly through his heart. He should!&quot;
&quot;There are some upon this earth of yours,&quot; returned the Spirit, &quot;who lay claim to know us, and who do their deeds of passion, pride, ill-will, hatred, envy, bigotry, and selfishness in our name, who are as strange to us and all our kith and kin, as if they had never lived.&quot;
&quot;When I die, I hope to go to Heaven, whatever the Hell that is.&quot;
Review conventions of the project you are working in regarding e.g.: 
While creating the page and '''before''' saving it, check the &lt;u&gt;''What links here''&lt;/u&gt; link on the creation page. Align the new content with existing links, or change the new title, or fix the other links.
If nothing points here, the page is isolated.  Links to it will need to be added on other pages.
An internal link in a section heading does not give complications in terms of section linking:
'''From the heights of these pyramids, forty centuries look down on us.'''
'''A form of government that is not the result of a long sequence of shared experiences, efforts, and endeavors can never take root.'''
'''From the sublime to the ridiculous is but a step.'''
''' 'Impossible' n'est pas français. '''
'''What is a throne? — a bit of wood gilded and covered in velvet. I am the state'''— I alone am here the representative of the people. Even if I had done wrong you should not have reproached me in public—people wash their dirty linen at home. France has more need of me than I of France. 
France is invaded; I am leaving to take command of my troops, and, with God's help and their valor, I hope soon to drive the enemy beyond the frontier.
The bullet that will kill me is not yet cast.
Unite for the public safety, if you would remain an independent nation.
Wherever wood can swim, there I am sure to find this flag of England.
'''I may have had many projects, but I never was free to carry out any of them.''' It did me little good to be holding the helm; no matter how strong my hands, the sudden and numerous waves were stronger still, and I was wise enough to yield to them rather than resist them obstinately and make the ship founder. Thus '''I never was truly my own master but was always ruled by circumstances.'''
Women are nothing but machines for producing children.
Our hour is marked, and no one can claim a moment of life beyond what fate has predestined.
Among so many conflicting ideas and so many different perspectives, the honest man is confused and distressed and the skeptic becomes wicked ... Since one must take sides, one might as well choose the side that is victorious, the side which devastates, loots, and burns. Considering the alternative, it is better to eat than to be eaten.
Kiss the feet of Popes provided their hands are tied
'''Malice delights to blacken the characters of prominent men.'''
'''More glorious to merit a sceptre than to possess one.'''
'''Those who are free from common prejudices acquire others.'''
What then is, generally speaking, the truth of history ? A fable agreed upon.
A king is sometimes obliged to commit crimes; but they are the crimes of his position.
A King should sacrifice the best affections of his heart for the good of his country; no sacrifice should be above his determination.
When you have an enemy in your power, deprive him of the means of ever injuring you.
You cannot treat with all the world at once.
'''It is always observable that silence propagates itself, and that the longer talk has been suspended, the more difficult it is to find any thing to say.'''
There will always be a part, and always a very large part of every community, that have no care but for themselves, and whose care for themselves reaches little further than impatience of immediate pain, and eagerness for the nearest good.
How is it that we hear the loudest yelps for liberty among the drivers of negroes?
Here closed in death th' attentive eyes&lt;br&gt;That saw the manners in the face.
'''He who praises everybody praises nobody.'''
Round numbers are always false.
'''I never desire to converse with a man who has written more than he has read.'''
'''What is written without effort is in general read without pleasure.'''
'''Men more frequently require to be reminded than informed.'''
'''All the performances of human art, at which we look with praise or wonder, are instances of the resistless force of perseverance: it is by this that the quarry becomes a pyramid, and that distant countries are united with canals.''' If a man was to compare the effect of a single stroke of the pick-axe, or of one impression of the spade, with the general design and last result, he would be overwhelmed by the sense of their disproportion; yet those petty operations, incessantly continued, in time surmount the greatest difficulties, and mountains are levelled, and oceans bounded, by the slender force of human beings. &lt;br&gt; It is therefore of the utmost importance that those, who have any intention of deviating from the beaten roads of life, and acquiring a reputation superior to names hourly swept away by time among the refuse of fame, should add to their reason, and their spirit, the power of persisting in their purposes; acquire the art of sapping what they cannot batter, and the habit of vanquishing obstinate resistance by obstinate attacks.
He that would pass the latter part of life with honour and decency, must, when he is young, consider that he shall one day be old; and remember, when he is old, that he has once been young. 
'''Hope is necessary in every condition.''' The miseries of poverty, of sickness, or captivity, would, without this comfort, be insupportable; nor does it appear that the happiest lot of terrestrial existence can set us above the want of this general blessing; or that life, when the gifts of nature and of fortune are accumulated upon it, would not still be wretched, were it not elevated and delighted by the expectation of some new possession, of some enjoyment yet behind, by which the wish shall at last be satisfied, and the heart filled up to its utmost extent.
'''It is better to suffer wrong than to do it, and happier to be sometimes cheated than not to trust.'''
'''There are, in every age, new errors to be rectified, and new prejudices to be opposed.'''
'''Curiosity is one of the permanent and certain characteristics of a vigorous intellect.'''
Slavery is now no where more patiently endured, than in countries once inhabited by the zealots of liberty.
'''Merriment is always the effect of a sudden impression. The jest which is expected is already destroyed.'''
We are inclined to believe those whom we do not know, because they have never deceived us.
To a poet nothing can be useless.
Marriage has many pains, but celibacy has no pleasures.
'''The world is not yet exhausted: let me see something to-morrow which I never saw before.'''
Those writers who lay on the watch for novelty, could have little hope of greatness; for great things cannot have escaped former observation. 
'''Self-confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings.'''
If lawyers were to undertake no causes till they were sure they were just, a man might be precluded altogether from a trial of his claim, though, were it judicially examined, it might be found a very just claim.
'''Wickedness is always easier than virtue; for it takes the short cut to everything.'''
Come, let me know what it is that makes a Scotchman happy! 
There is in this world no real delight (excepting those of sensuality), but exchange of ideas in conversation.
He was a very good hater.
The law is the last result of human wisdom acting upon human experience for the benefit of the public.
Dictionaries are like watches; the worst is better than none, and the best cannot be expected to go quite true.
As for myself, my course is clear. A British subject I was born — a British subject I will die. With my utmost effort, with my latest breath, will I oppose the ‘veiled treason’ which attempts by sordid means and mercenary proffers to lure our people from their allegiance.
Yes, but the people would prefer John A. drunk to George Brown sober.
We must protect the rights of minorities, and the rich are always fewer in number than the poor.
Anyone can support me when they think I'm right.  What I want is someone that will support me when I am wrong.
Yes, In my Canada the rich will always be a minority
&quot;Upon this, one has to remark that men ought either to be well treated or crushed, because they can avenge themselves of lighter injuries, of more serious ones they cannot; therefore the injury that is to be done to a man ought to be of such a kind that one does not stand in fear of revenge.&quot;
&quot;If someone puts up the argument that King Louis gave the Romagna to Pope Alexander, and the kingdom of Naples to Spain, in order to avoid a war, I would answer as I did before: that you should never let things get out of hand in order to avoid war. You don't avoid such a war, you merely postpone it, to your own disadvantage.&quot;
&quot;It ought to be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to take in hand, more perilous to conduct, or more uncertain in its success, than to take the lead in the introduction of a new order of things.''' Because the innovator has for enemies all those who have done well under the old conditions, and lukewarm defenders in those who may do well under the new. '''This coolness arises partly from fear of the opponents, who have the laws on their side, and partly from the incredulity of men, who do not readily believe in new things until they have had a long experience of them.&quot;
&quot;From this arises the question whether it is better to be loved rather than feared, or feared rather than loved. It might perhaps be answered that we should wish to be both: but since love and fear can hardly exist together, if we must choose between them, it is far safer to be feared than loved.&quot;
&quot;A prince ought to have no other aim or thought, nor select anything else for his study, than war and its rules and discipline; for this is the sole art that belongs to him who rules, and it is of such force that it not only upholds those who are born princes, but it often enables men to rise from a private station to that rank.''' And, on the contrary, it is seen that when princes have thought more of ease than of arms they have lost their states. And the first cause of your losing it is to neglect this art; and what enables you to acquire a state is to be master of the art.&quot;
&quot;A prince being thus obliged to know well how to act as a beast must imitate the fox and the lion, for the lion cannot protect himself from traps, and the fox cannot defend himself from wolves. '''One must therefore be a fox to recognize traps, and a lion to frighten wolves.&quot;
&quot;You must know there are two ways of contesting, the one by the law, the other by force; the first method is proper to men, the second to beasts; but because the first is frequently not sufficient, it is necessary to have recourse to the second.&quot;
&quot;A prince never lacks legitimate reasons to break his promise.&quot;
&quot;The first opinion which one forms of a prince, and of his understanding, is by observing the men he has around him; and when they are capable and faithful he may always be considered wise, because he has known how to recognize the capable and to keep them faithful. But when they are otherwise one cannot form a good opinion of him, for the prime error which he made was in choosing them.&quot;
&quot;There is no other way of guarding oneself against flattery than by letting men understand that they will not offend you by speaking the truth; but when everyone can tell you the truth, you lose their respect.&quot;
&quot;Men never do good unless necessity drives them to it; but when they are free to choose and can do just as they please, confusion and disorder become rampant.&quot;
&quot;So in all human affairs one notices, if one examines them closely, that it is impossible to remove one inconvenience without another emerging.&quot;
&quot;Anyone who studies present and ancient affairs will easily see how in all cities and all peoples there still exist, and have always existed, the same desires and passions. Thus, it is an easy matter for him who carefully examines past events to foresee future events in a republic and to apply the remedies employed by the ancients, or, if old remedies cannot be found, to devise new ones based upon the similarity of the events. But since these matters are neglected or not understood by those who read, or, if understood, remain unknown to those who govern, the result is that the same problems always exist in every era.&quot;
&quot;No proceeding is better than that which you have concealed from the enemy until the time you have executed it. To know how to recognize an opportunity in war, and take it, benefits you more than anything else.&quot;
&quot;Nature creates few men brave, industry and training makes many. Discipline in war counts more than fury.&quot;
'''''Veni, vidi, vici.'''''
''Gallia est omnis divisa in partes tres.''
''Horum omnium fortissimi sunt Belgae.''
''Fere libenter homines id quod volunt credunt.''
''Alea iacta est.''
''Galia est pacata.''
''Sed fortuna, quae plurimum potest cum in reliquis rebus tum praecipue in bello, parvis momentis magnas rerum commutationes efficit; ut tum accidit.''
''Nihil nobis metuendum est, praeter metum ipsum.''
'''If complete and utter chaos was lightning, then he'd be the sort to stand on a hilltop in a thunderstorm wearing wet copper armour and shouting 'All gods are bastards'.'''
What he didn't like about heroes was that they were usually suicidally gloomy when sober and homicidally insane when drunk.
'''&quot;It could be worse,&quot; he said by way of farewell. &quot;It could be me.&quot; '''
Twoflower was a tourist, the first ever seen on the Discworld. Tourist, Rincewind had decided, meant &quot;idiot.&quot;
What heroes like best is themselves.
The only reason for walking into the jaws of Death is so's you can steal his gold teeth.
Some pirates achieved immortality by great deeds of cruelty or derring-do. Some achieved immortality by amassing great wealth. But '''the captain had long ago decided that he would, on the whole, prefer to achieve immortality by not dying.'''
'''I've seen excitement, and I've seen boredom. And boredom was best.'''
'We don't have gods where I come from,' said Twoflower.&lt;br/&gt;'You do, you know,' said the Lady.''' 'Everyone has gods. You just don't think they're gods.' '''
'''Of course I'm sane, when trees start talking to me, I don't talk back.'''
'''Darkness isn't the opposite of light, it is simply its absence.'''
Ankh-Morpork! Pearl of cities! This is not a completely accurate description, of course — it was not round and shiny — but even its worst enemies would agree that if you had to liken Ankh-Morpork to anything, then it might as well be a piece of rubbish covered with the diseased secretions of a dying mollusc.
'It would seem that you have no useful skill or talent whatsoever' he said.&lt;br/&gt;'Have you thought of going into teaching?'
'''History always has a few tricks up its frayed sleeve. It's been around a long time.'''
Although the scythe isn't pre-eminent among the weapons of war, anyone who has been on the wrong end of, say, a peasants' revolt will know that in skilled hands it is fearsome.
&quot;You won't get away with this,&quot; said Cutwell. He thought for a bit and added, &quot;Well, you will probably get away with it, but you'll feel bad about it on your deathbed and you'll wish — &quot; He stopped talking.
The vermine is a small black and white relative of the lemming, found in the cold Hublandish regions. '''Its skin is rare and highly valued, especially by the vermine itself; the selfish little bastard will do anything rather than let go of it.'''
'''The truth isn't easily pinned to a page. In the bathtub of history the truth is harder to hold than the soap, and much more difficult to find...'''
'''Some people think this is paranoia, but it isn't. Paranoids only think everyone is out to get them. Wizards ''know'' it.'''
'Poor I don't mind,' said the Seriph. 'It's sobriety that is giving me difficulties.'
'''Take it from me, there's nothing more terrible than someone out to do the world a favour.'''
Death isn't cruel – merely terribly, terribly good at his job.
'''No gods anywhere play chess.''' They prefer simple, vicious games, where you Do Not Achieve Transcendence but Go Straight to Oblivion; '''A key to the understanding of all religion is that a god's idea of amusement is Snakes and Ladders with greased rungs.'''
This was real. This was more real even than reality. This was history. It might not be true, but that had nothing to do with it.
&quot;There must be a hundred silver dollars in here,&quot; moaned Boggis, waving a purse. &quot;I mean, that's not my league. That's not my class. I can't handle that sort of money. You've got to be in the Guild of Lawyers or something to steal that much.&quot;
Above the hearth was a huge pokerwork sign saying &quot;Mother&quot;. No tyrant in the whole history of the world had ever achieved a domination so complete.
On nights such as these the gods, as has already been pointed out, play games other than chess with the fates of mortals and the thrones of kings. It is important to remember that they always cheat, right up to the end...
All assassins had a full-length mirror in their rooms, because it would be a terrible insult to anyone to kill them when you were badly dressed.
'''Seeing, contrary to popular wisdom, isn't believing. It's where belief stops, because it isn't needed any more.'''
The fact is that camels are far more intelligent than dolphins. '''Never trust a species that grins all the time. It's up to something.'''
Mere animals couldn't possibly manage to act like this. '''You need to be a human being to be really stupid.'''
The reason that clichés become clichés is that they are the hammers and screwdrivers in the toolbox of communication.
'You don't get big houses and carriages without grindin' the faces of the poor a bit.'
All dwarfs have beards and wear up to twelve layers of clothing. Gender is more or less optional.
'''Of course, it is very important to be sober when you take an exam. Many worthwhile careers in the street-cleaning, fruit-picking and subway-guitar-playing industries have been founded on a lack of understanding of this simple fact.'''
'''Inside every old person is a young person wondering what happened.'''
'''Fair is foul, and foul is fair'''
So foul and fair a day I have not seen.
'''First Witch''': All hail, Macbeth! hail to thee, Thane of Glamis!&lt;br&gt;'''Second Witch''': All hail, Macbeth! hail to thee, Thane of Cawdor!&lt;br&gt;'''Third Witch''': All hail, Macbeth! that shalt be king hereafter.
If you can look into the seeds of time,&lt;br&gt;And say which grain will grow, and which will not,&lt;br&gt;Speak.
But 'tis strange:&lt;br&gt;'''And oftentimes, to win us to our harm,&lt;br&gt;The instruments of darkness tell us truths,&lt;br&gt;Win us with honest trifles, to betray's&lt;br&gt;In deepest consequence.'''
'''There's no art&lt;br&gt;To find the mind's construction in the face:'''&lt;br&gt;He was a gentleman on whom I built&lt;br&gt;An absolute trust.
'''Stars, hide your fires!&lt;br&gt;Let not light see my black and deep desires.'''
Glamis thou art, and Cawdor; and shalt be&lt;br&gt;What thou art promised. Yet do I fear thy nature;&lt;br&gt;It is too full o' the milk of human kindness&lt;br&gt;To catch the nearest way: thou wouldst be great;&lt;br&gt;Art not without ambition; but without&lt;br&gt;The illness should attend it.
Look like the innocent flower,&lt;br&gt;But be the serpent under it.
'''If it were done when 'tis done, then 'twere well&lt;br&gt;It were done quickly;''' if the assassination&lt;br&gt;Could trammel up the consequence, and catch,&lt;br&gt;With his surcease success; that but this blow&lt;br&gt;Might be the be-all and the end-all here,&lt;br&gt;But here, upon this bank and shoal of time,&lt;br&gt;We'd jump the life to come.
Away, and mock the time with fairest show:
The moon is down; I have not heard the clock.
'''Is this a dagger which I see before me,&lt;br&gt;The handle toward my hand? Come, let me clutch thee;&lt;br&gt;I have thee not, and yet I see thee still.&lt;br&gt;Art thou not, fatal vision, sensible&lt;br&gt;To feeling as to sight? or art thou but&lt;br&gt;A dagger of the mind, a false creation,&lt;br&gt;Proceeding from the heat-oppressed brain?&lt;br&gt;I see thee yet, in form as palpable&lt;br&gt;As this which now I draw.'''
Now o'er the one-half world&lt;br&gt;Nature seems dead, and wicked dreams abuse&lt;br&gt;The curtain'd sleep; witchcraft celebrates&lt;br&gt;Pale Hecate's offerings.
Thou sure and firm-set earth,&lt;br&gt;Hear not my steps, which way they walk, for fear&lt;br&gt;The very stones prate of my where-about.
I go, and it is done; the bell invites me.&lt;br&gt;Hear it not, Duncan, for it is a knell&lt;br&gt;That summons thee to heaven, or to hell.
'''Methought I heard a voice cry, ''Sleep no more!&lt;br&gt;Macbeth does murder sleep,'' — the innocent sleep;&lt;br&gt;Sleep, that knits up the ravell'd sleave of care,&lt;br&gt;The death of each day's life, sore labor's bath,&lt;br&gt;Balm of hurt minds, great nature's second course,&lt;br&gt;Chief nourisher in life's feast.'''
Infirm of purpose!&lt;br&gt;Give me the daggers. The sleeping and the dead&lt;br&gt;Are but as pictures. 'Tis the eye of childhood&lt;br&gt;That fears a painted devil.
Will all great Neptune's ocean wash this blood&lt;br&gt;Clean from my hand? No; this my hand will rather&lt;br&gt;The multitudinous seas incarnadine,&lt;br&gt;Making the green one red.
Confusion now hath made his masterpiece!&lt;br&gt;Most sacrilegious murder hath broke ope&lt;br&gt;The Lord's anointed temple, and stole thence&lt;br&gt;The life o' the building!
Who can be wise, amaz'd, temperate and furious,&lt;br&gt;Loyal and neutral, in a moment? No man:&lt;br&gt;The expedition of my violent love&lt;br&gt;Outrun the pauser, reason.
To show an unfelt sorrow is an office&lt;br&gt;Which the false man does easy.
'''First Murderer''': We are men, my liege.&lt;br&gt;'''Macbeth''': Ay, in the catalogue ye go for men.
'''Naught's had, all's spent&lt;br&gt;Where our desire is got without content.&lt;br&gt;'Tis safer to be that which we destroy&lt;br&gt;Than, by destruction, dwell in doubtful joy.'''
Things without all remedy&lt;br&gt;Should be without regard: what's done is done.
Duncan is in his grave;&lt;br&gt;After life's fitful fever he sleeps well;&lt;br&gt;Treason has done his worst: nor steel, nor poison,&lt;br&gt;Malice domestic, foreign levy, nothing,&lt;br&gt;Can touch him further.
But now, I am cabin'd, cribb'd, confined, bound in&lt;br&gt;To saucy doubts and fears.
Thou canst not say I did it: never shake&lt;br&gt;Thy gory locks at me.
'''Lady Macbeth:''' Are you a man? &lt;br&gt; '''Macbeth:''' Ay, and a bold one, that dare look on that&lt;br&gt;Which might appall the devil.
'''I am in blood &lt;br&gt; Stepp'd in so far, that, should I wade no more, &lt;br&gt; Returning were as tedious as go o'er.'''
'''By the pricking of my thumbs,&lt;br&gt;Something wicked this way comes:''' —&lt;br&gt;Open, locks,&lt;br&gt;Whoever knocks!
'''Be bloody, bold, and resolute; laugh to scorn&lt;br&gt;The power of man, for none of woman born&lt;br&gt;Shall harm Macbeth.'''
'''Third Apparition''': '''Macbeth shall never vanquish'd be, until&lt;br&gt;Great Birnam wood to high Dunsinane hill&lt;br&gt;Shall come against him.'''&lt;br&gt;'''Macbeth''': '''That will never be.'''&lt;br&gt;Who can impress the forest, bid the tree,&lt;br&gt;Unfix his earthbound root?
Angels are bright still, though the brightest fell;&lt;br&gt;Though all things foul would wear the brows of grace,&lt;br&gt;Yet grace must still look so.
Give sorrow words: the grief that does not speak&lt;br&gt;Whispers the o'er-fraught heart, and bids it break.
All my pretty ones?&lt;br&gt;Did you say all? — O, hell-kite! All?&lt;br&gt;What, all my pretty chickens and their dam&lt;br&gt;At one fell swoop?
Here's the smell of the blood still: '''all the perfumes of Arabia will not sweeten this little hand.''' Oh, oh, oh!
'''What's done cannot be undone.'''
Those he commands move only in command,&lt;br&gt;Nothing in love: now does he feel his title&lt;br&gt;Hang loose about him, like a giant's robe&lt;br&gt;Upon a dwarfish thief.
I would applaud thee to the very echo,&lt;br&gt;That should applaud again.
She should have died hereafter;&lt;br&gt;There would have been time for such a word.&lt;br&gt;'''Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow&lt;br&gt;Creeps in this petty pace from day to day&lt;br&gt;To the last syllable of recorded time;&lt;br&gt;And all our yesterdays have lighted fools&lt;br&gt;The way to dusty death. Out, out, brief candle!&lt;br&gt;Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player&lt;br&gt;That struts and frets his hour upon the stage,&lt;br&gt;And then is heard no more. It is a tale&lt;br&gt;Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury,&lt;br&gt;Signifying nothing.'''
'''I 'gin to be a-weary of the sun,&lt;br&gt;And wish the estate o' the world were now undone.'''
Why should I play the Roman fool, and die&lt;br&gt;On mine own sword?
'''Turn, hell-hound, turn!'''
'''Macbeth:''' I bear a charmed life, which must not yield&lt;br&gt;To one of woman born.&lt;br&gt;'''Macduff:''' '''Despair thy charm;&lt;br&gt;And let the angel whom thou still hast served&lt;br&gt;Tell thee, Macduff was from his mother's womb&lt;br&gt;Untimely ripp'd.'''&lt;br&gt;'''Macbeth:''' Accursed be the tongue that tells me so,&lt;br&gt;For it hath cow'd my better part of man!&lt;br&gt;And be these juggling fiends no more believ'd,&lt;br&gt;That palter with us in a double sense;&lt;br&gt;That keep the word of promise to our ear,&lt;br&gt;And break it to our hope.
Lay on, Macduff,&lt;br&gt;And damn'd be him that first cries, ''Hold, enough!''
How soon hath Time, the subtle thief of youth,&lt;br&gt;Stol'n on his wing my three-and-twentieth year.
Captain or Colonel, or Knight in Arms,&lt;br&gt;Whose chance on these defenseless doors may seize,&lt;br&gt;If ever deed of honour did thee please,&lt;br&gt;Guard them, and him within protect from harms.
By labor and intent study (which I take to be my portion in this life), joined with the strong propensity of nature, I might perhaps leave something so written to after-times, as they should not willingly let it die.
He who would not be frustrate of his hope to write well hereafter in laudable things ought himself to be a true poem.
His words ... like so many nimble and airy servitors trip about him at command.
I will not deny but that the best apology against false accusers is silence and sufferance, and honest deeds set against dishonest words.
Truth...never comes into the world but like a bastard, to the ignominy of him that brought her forth.
'''Truth is as impossible to be soiled by any outward touch as the sunbeam.'''
'''Men of most renowned virtue have sometimes by transgressing most truly kept the law.'''
'''New Presbyter is but Old Priest writ Large.'''
For other things mild Heav'n a time ordains,&lt;br&gt;And disapproves that care, though wise in show,&lt;br&gt;That with superfluous burden loads the day,&lt;br&gt;And, when God sends a cheerful hour, refrains.
For such kind of borrowing as this, if it be not bettered by the borrower, among good authors is accounted Plagiarè.
None can love freedom heartily, but good men; the rest love not freedom, but license.
'''No man who knows aught, can be so stupid to deny that all men naturally were born free.'''
'''Peace hath her victories&lt;br&gt;No less renowned than war.'''
When I consider how my light is spent,&lt;br&gt;Ere half my days, in this dark world and wide,&lt;br&gt;And that one talent which is death to hide&lt;br&gt;Lodged with me useless.
Who best&lt;br&gt;Bear his mild yoke, they serve him best: his state&lt;br&gt;Is kingly; thousands at his bidding speed,&lt;br&gt;And post o'er land and ocean without rest;&lt;br&gt;'''They also serve who only stand and wait.'''
Avenge, O Lord, thy slaughtered saints, whose bones&lt;br&gt;Lie scattered on the Alpine mountains cold;&lt;br&gt;Ev'n them who kept thy truth so pure of old&lt;br&gt;When all our fathers worshipped stocks and stones&lt;br&gt;Forget not.
Cyriack, whose Grandsire on the Royal Bench&lt;br&gt;Of British Themis, with no mean applause&lt;br&gt;Pronounced and in his volumes taught our Laws,&lt;br&gt;Which others at their Bar so often wrench
Yet I argue not&lt;br&gt;Against Heav'n's hand or will, nor bate one jot&lt;br&gt;Of heart or hope; but still bear up, and steer&lt;br&gt;Right onward.
Lawrence, of virtuous father virtuous son
Methought I saw my late espousèd saint&lt;br&gt;Brought to me like Alcestis from the grave.
But oh! as to embrace me she inclined,&lt;br&gt;I waked, she fled, and day brought back my night.
Such bickerings to recount, met often in these our writers, what more worth is it than to chronicle the wars of kites or crows flocking and fighting in the air?
For stories teach us, that liberty sought out of season, in a corrupt and degenerate age, brought Rome itself to a farther slavery: '''for liberty hath a sharp and double edge, fit only to be handled by just and virtuous men;''' to bad and dissolute, it becomes a mischief unwieldy in their own hands: neither is it completely given, but by them who have the happy skill to know what is grievance and unjust to a people, and how to remove it wisely; what good laws are wanting, and how to frame them substantially, '''that good men may enjoy the freedom which they merit, and the bad the curb which they need.'''
Madam, methinks I see him living yet;&lt;br&gt;So well your words his noble virtues praise,&lt;br&gt;That all both judge you to relate them true,&lt;br&gt;And to possess them, honour'd Margaret. 
This is the month, and this the happy morn,&lt;br&gt;Wherein the Son of Heav'n's eternal King,&lt;br&gt;Of wedded maid and virgin mother born,&lt;br&gt;Our great redemption from above did bring;&lt;br&gt;For so the holy sages once did sing,&lt;br&gt;That He our deadly forfeit should release,&lt;br&gt;And with His Father work us a perpetual peace.
It was the winter wild&lt;br&gt;While the Heav'n-born child&lt;br&gt;All meanly wrapt in the rude manger lies.
No war, or battle's sound&lt;br&gt;Was heard the world around.&lt;br&gt;The idle spear and shield were high up hung.
Time will run back and fetch the Age of Gold.
From haunted spring and dale&lt;br&gt;Edged with poplar pale&lt;br&gt;The parting genius is with sighing sent.
Hence, loathèd Melancholy,&lt;br&gt;Of Cerberus and blackest Midnight born,&lt;br&gt;In Stygian cave forlorn,&lt;br&gt;'Mongst horrid shapes, and shrieks, and sights unholy.
Haste thee, Nymph, and bring with thee&lt;br&gt;Jest, and youthful jollity,&lt;br&gt;Quips and cranks and wanton wiles,&lt;br&gt;Nods and becks and wreathèd smiles.
Sport, that wrinkled Care derides,&lt;br&gt;And Laughter, holding both his sides.&lt;br&gt;Come, and trip it, as you go.&lt;br&gt;On the light fantastic toe.
Mirth, admit me of thy crew,&lt;br&gt;To live with her, and live with thee,&lt;br&gt;In unreprovèd pleasures free.
While the cock with lively din&lt;br&gt;Scatters the rear of darkness thin,&lt;br&gt;And to the stack, or the barn door,&lt;br&gt;Stoutly struts his dames before,&lt;br&gt;Oft list'ning how the hounds and horn&lt;br&gt;Cheerly rouse the slumb'ring morn.
And every shepherd tells his tale&lt;br&gt;Under the hawthorn in the dale.
Meadows trim, with daisies pied,&lt;br&gt;Shallow brooks, and rivers wide;&lt;br&gt;Towers and balements it sees&lt;br&gt;Bosomed high in tufted trees,&lt;br&gt;Where perhaps some beauty lies,&lt;br&gt;The cynosure of neighboring eyes.
And the jocund rebecks sound&lt;br&gt;To many a youth, and many a maid,&lt;br&gt;Dancing in the checkered shade.&lt;br&gt;And young and old come forth to play&lt;br&gt;On a sunshine holiday.
Then lies him down the lubber fiend,&lt;br&gt;And stretched out all the chimney's length,&lt;br&gt;Basks at the fire his hairy strength.
Towered cities please us then,&lt;br&gt;And the busy hum of men.
Ladies, whose bright eyes&lt;br&gt;Rain influence, and judge the prize.
And pomp, and feast, and revelry,&lt;br&gt;With mask, and antique pageantry,&lt;br&gt;Such sights as youthful poets dream&lt;br&gt;On summer eves by haunted stream.&lt;br&gt;Then to the well-trod stage anon,&lt;br&gt;If Jonson's learned sock be on,&lt;br&gt;Or sweetest Shakespeare, Fancy's child,&lt;br&gt;Warble his native wood-notes wild,&lt;br&gt;And ever, against eating cares,&lt;br&gt;Lap me in soft Lydian airs,&lt;br&gt;Married to immortal verse&lt;br&gt;Such as the meeting soul may pierce,&lt;br&gt;In notes with many a winding bout&lt;br&gt;Of linked sweetness long drawn out.
Untwisting all the chains that tie&lt;br&gt;The hidden soul of harmony.
Such strains as would have won the ear&lt;br&gt;Of Pluto, to have quite set free&lt;br&gt;His half-regained Eurydice.&lt;br&gt;These delights, if thou canst give,&lt;br&gt;Mirth, with thee, I mean to live.
Hence vain deluding Joys,&lt;br&gt;The brood of Folly without father bred!
And looks commercing with the skies,&lt;br&gt;Thy rapt soul sitting in thine eyes.
And join with thee, calm Peace and Quiet,&lt;br&gt;Spare Fast, that oft with gods doth diet.
And add to these retired Leisure,&lt;br&gt;That in trim gardens takes his pleasure.
Sweet bird, that shunn'st the noise of folly,&lt;br&gt;Most musical, most melancholy!
I walk unseen&lt;br&gt;On the dry smooth-shaven green,&lt;br&gt;To behold the wandering moon,&lt;br&gt;Riding near her highest noon,&lt;br&gt;Like one that had been led astray&lt;br&gt;Through the heav'n's wide pathless way,&lt;br&gt;And oft, as if her head she bowed,&lt;br&gt;Stooping through a fleecy cloud.
Oft, on a plat of rising ground,&lt;br&gt;I hear the far-off curfew sound&lt;br&gt;Over some wide-watered shore,&lt;br&gt;Swinging low with sullen roar.
Where glowing embers through the room&lt;br&gt;Teach light to counterfeit a gloom,&lt;br&gt;Far from all resort of mirth,&lt;br&gt;Save the cricket on the hearth.
But, O sad Virgin, that thy power&lt;br&gt; Might raise Musaeus from his bower,&lt;br&gt; Or bid the soul of Orpheus sing&lt;br&gt; Such notes as warbled to the string,&lt;br&gt; Drew Iron tears down Pluto’s cheek,&lt;br&gt; And made Hell grant what Love did seek.
Where more is meant than meets the ear.
Hide me from day's garish eye,&lt;br&gt;While the bee with honied thigh,&lt;br&gt;That at her flowery work doth sing,&lt;br&gt;And the waters murmuring&lt;br&gt;With such consort as they keep,&lt;br&gt;Entice the dewy-feathered sleep.
And storied windows richly dight,&lt;br&gt;Casting a dim religious light.&lt;br&gt;There let the pealing organ blow,&lt;br&gt;To the full-voiced choir below,&lt;br&gt;In service high, and anthems clear&lt;br&gt;As may, with sweetness, through mine ear&lt;br&gt;Dissolve me into ecstasies,&lt;br&gt;And bring all heaven before mine eyes.
Till old experience do attain&lt;br&gt;To something like prophetic strain.
Yet once more, O ye laurels, and once more&lt;br&gt;Ye myrtles brown, with ivy never sere,&lt;br&gt;I come to pluck your berries harsh and crude,&lt;br&gt;And with forced fingers rude&lt;br&gt;Shatter your leaves before the mellowing year.
Under the opening eyelids of the morn,&lt;br&gt;We drove afield; and both together heard&lt;br&gt;What time the gray-fly winds her sultry horn,&lt;br&gt;Batt'ning our flocks with the fresh dews of night.
But O the heavy change, now thou art gone,&lt;br&gt;Now thou art gone and never must return!
Alas! what boots it with incessant care&lt;br&gt;To tend the homely slighted shepherd's trade,&lt;br&gt;And strictly meditate the thankless Muse?&lt;br&gt;Were it not better done as others use,&lt;br&gt;To sport with Amaryllis in the shade,&lt;br&gt;Or with the tangles of Neaera's hair?&lt;br&gt;Fame is the spur that the clear spirit doth raise&lt;br&gt;(That last infirmity of noble mind)&lt;br&gt;To scorn delights, and live laborious days;&lt;br&gt;But the fair guerdon when we hope to find,&lt;br&gt;And think to burst out into sudden blaze,&lt;br&gt;Comes the blind Fury with th' abhorrèd shears,&lt;br&gt;And slits the thin-spun life.
Fame is no plant that grows on mortal soil.
It was that fatal and perfidious bark,&lt;br&gt;Built in th' eclipse, and rigged with curses dark,&lt;br&gt;That sunk so low that sacred head of thine.
Last came, and last did go,&lt;br&gt;The Pilot of the Galilean lake;&lt;br&gt;Two massy keys he bore of metals twain,&lt;br&gt;(The golden opes, the iron shuts amain).
Blind mouths! That scarce themselves know how to hold&lt;br&gt;A sheep-hook.
The hungry sheep look up, and are not fed,&lt;br&gt;But swoln with wind and the rank mist they draw,&lt;br&gt;Rot inwardly, and foul contagion spread:&lt;br&gt;Besides what the grim wolf with privy paw&lt;br&gt;Daily devours apace, and nothing said;&lt;br&gt;But that two-handed engine at the door&lt;br&gt;Stands ready to smite once, and smite no more.
Throw hither all your quaint enamell'd eyes&lt;br&gt;That on the green turf suck the honied showers,&lt;br&gt;And purple all the ground with vernal flowers.&lt;br&gt;Bring the rathe primrose that forsaken dies,&lt;br&gt;The tufted crow-toe, and pale jessamine,&lt;br&gt;The white pink, and the pansy freakt with jet,&lt;br&gt;The glowing violet,&lt;br&gt;The musk-rose, and the well-attir'd woodbine,&lt;br&gt;With cowslips wan that hang the pensive head,&lt;br&gt;And every flower that sad embroidery wears.
Whether beyond the stormy Hebrides,&lt;br&gt;Where thou perhaps under the whelming tide&lt;br&gt;Visit'st the bottom of the monstrous world.
Look homeward, Angel, now, and melt with ruth.
For Lycidas your sorrow is not dead,&lt;br&gt;Sunk though he be beneath the watery floor;&lt;br&gt;So sinks the day-star in the ocean bed;&lt;br&gt;And yet anon repairs his drooping head,&lt;br&gt;And tricks his beams, and with new-spangled ore&lt;br&gt;Flames in the forehead of the morning sky.&lt;br&gt;So Lycidas sunk low, but mounted high,&lt;br&gt;Through the dear might of him that walked the waves.
At last he rose, and twitched his mantle blue:&lt;br&gt;Tomorrow to fresh woods and pastures new.
Litigious terms, fat contentions, and flowing fees.
I shall detain you no longer in the demonstration of what we should not do, but straight conduct ye to a hillside, where I will point ye out the right path of a virtuous and noble education; laborious indeed at the first ascent, but else so smooth, so green, so full of goodly prospect and melodious sounds on every side that the harp of Orpheus was not more charming.
Inflamed with the study of learning and the admiration of virtue; stirred up with high hopes of living to be brave men and worthy patriots, dear to God, and famous to all ages.
Ornate rhetoric thought out of the rule of Plato... To which poetry would be made subsequent, or indeed rather precedent, as being less subtle and fine, but more simple, sensuous, and passionate.
'''In those vernal seasons of the year, when the air is calm and pleasant, it were an injury and sullenness against Nature not to go out, and see her riches, and partake in her rejoicing with heaven and earth.'''
Attic tragedies of stateliest and most regal argument.
&quot;The philosophers have only interpreted the world, in various ways. The point, however, is to change it.&quot;
'''Perhaps you think the Creator sent you here to dispose of us as you see fit. If I thought you were sent by the Creator, I might be induced to think you had a right to dispose of me. Do not misunderstand me, but understand fully with reference to my affection for the land. I never said the land was mine to do with as I choose. The one who has a right to dispose of it is the one who has created it. I claim a right to live on my land and accord you the privilege to return to yours.'''
In the treaty councils the commissioners have claimed that our country had been sold to the Government.  Suppose a white man should come to me and say, 'Joseph, I like your horses, and I want to buy them.' I say to him, 'No, my horses suit me, I will not sell them.'  Then he goes to my neighbor, and says to him: 'Joseph has some good horses.  I want to buy them, but he refuses to sell.' My neighbor answers, 'Pay me the money, and I will sell you Joseph's horses.' The white man returns to me and says, 'Joseph, I have bought your horses, and you must let me have them.' '''If we sold our lands to the Government, this is the way they were bought.'''
I only ask of the Government to be treated as all other men are treated. If I cannot go to my own home, let me have a home in a country where my people will not die so fast.
When I think of our condition, my heart is heavy. I see men of my own race treated as outlaws and driven from country to country, or shot down like animals.
I know that my race must change. We cannot hold our own with the white men as we are. We only ask an even chance to live as other men live. We ask to be recognized as men. We ask that the same law shall work alike on all men. If an Indian breaks the law, punish him by the law. If a white man breaks the law, punish him also.
Let me be a free man, free to travel, free to stop, free to work, free to trade where I choose, free to choose my own teachers, free to follow the religion of my fathers, free to talk, think and act for myself — and I will obey every law or submit to the penalty.&quot;
Whenever the white man treats the Indian as they treat each other then we shall have no more wars. We shall be all alike — brothers of one father and mother, with one sky above us and one country around us and one government for all. Then the Great Spirit Chief who rules above will smile upon this land and send rain to wash out the bloody spots made by brothers' hands upon the face of the earth. For this time the Indian race is waiting and praying. I hope no more groans of wounded men and women will ever go to the ear of the Great Spirit Chief above, and that all people may be one people.
The Earth and myself are of one mind.
'''We do not want churches because they will teach us to quarrel about God, as the Catholics and  Protestants do. We do not want to learn  that. We may quarrel with men about things on earth, but we never quarrel about the Great Spirit.'''
I knew I had never sold my country, and that I had no land in Lapwai; but I did not want bloodshed. I did not want my people killed. I did not want anybody killed....I said in my heart that, rather than have war, I would give up everything rather than have the blood of white men upon the hands of my people.
'''I believe much trouble and blood would be saved if we opened our hearts more. I will tell you in my  way how the Indian sees things. The white man has more words to tell you how they look to him, but it does not require many words to speak the truth.'''
Look twice at a two-faced man.
Cursed be he that scalps the reputation of the dead.
The eye tells what the tongue would hide.
Big name often stands on small legs.
Finest fur may cover toughest meat.
If a parameter value contains an equals sign, the parameter name must be put explicitly, even when it is 1, 2, 3, etc.
If the expression for a parameter value contains two consecutive closing braces which are not part of a variable or parameter tag, they have to be put in nowiki tags.
If the expression for a parameter value contains a pipe character (|) which is not part of a piped link or within an image tag, it has to be put in nowiki tags: &lt;nowiki&gt;&lt;nowiki&gt;|&lt;/nowiki&gt;&lt;/nowiki&gt;.
The expression for a parameter value cannot contain the variable localurl with query string, due to the pipe character. 
65 parameters automatically named from &quot;1&quot; to &quot;65&quot; (64 parameters for the cells content, and the 65th for the image width),
and a dummy named parameter (whose name is an empty string, and whose effective value results from the last assignment with the chessboard column names a to h and the surrounding spaces and newlines), which is not used in the internal template content.
Adding all pages containing a given template to a category
Compatibility with 1.3, in the sense of having the content in Template:mytemplate, is possible with a redirect from MediaWiki:mytemplate to Template:mytemplate on the 1.2.6 project.
The title has been misspelled.
The scope of the article has been reduced, extended or otherwise changed.
Please do not subst: this template.</text>
Four days will quickly steep themselves in nights;&lt;br&gt;Four nights will quickly dream away the time;&lt;br&gt;And then the moon, like to a silver bow &lt;br&gt;New bent in heaven, shall behold the night&lt;br&gt;Of our solemnities.
Ay me! for aught that I could ever read,&lt;br&gt;Could ever hear by tale or history,&lt;br&gt;The course of true love never did run smooth.
O, hell! to choose love by another’s eye.
Swift as a shadow, short as any dream,&lt;br&gt;Brief as the lightning in the collied night,&lt;br&gt;That, in a spleen, unfolds both heaven and earth,&lt;br&gt;And ere a man hath power to say, — Behold!&lt;br&gt;The jaws of darkness do devour it up:&lt;br&gt;So quick bright things come to confusion.
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind,&lt;br&gt;And therefore is wing'd Cupid painted blind.
Masters, spread yourselves.
This is Ercles’ vein.
I’ll speak in a monstrous little voice.
I am slow of study.
That would hang us, every mother’s son.
I will roar you as gently as any sucking dove; I will roar you, an ’twere any nightingale.
A proper man, as one shall see in a summer’s day.
Over hill, over dale,&lt;br&gt;Thorough bush, thorough briar,&lt;br&gt;Over park, over pale,&lt;br&gt;Thorough flood, thorough fire,&lt;br&gt;I do wander everywhere,&lt;br&gt;Swifter than the moon's sphere;&lt;br&gt;And I serve the fairy queen,&lt;br&gt;To dew her orbs upon the green.&lt;br&gt;The cowslips tall her pensioners be;&lt;br&gt;In their gold coats, spots you see;&lt;br&gt;Those be rubies, fairy favours,&lt;br&gt;In their freckles live our savours.&lt;br&gt;I must go seek some dew-drops here,&lt;br&gt;And hang a pearl in every cowslip's ear.&lt;br&gt;Farewell, thou lob of spirits, I'll be gone;&lt;br&gt;My queen and all her elves come here anon!
The human mortals.
Once I sat upon a promontory,&lt;br&gt;And heard a mermaid, on a dolphin's back,&lt;br&gt;Uttering such dulcet and harmonious breath,&lt;br&gt;That the rude sea grew civil at her song;&lt;br&gt;And certain stars shot madly from their spheres,&lt;br&gt;To hear the sea-maid’s music.
And the imperial votaress passed on,&lt;br&gt;In maiden meditation, fancy-free.&lt;br&gt;Yet mark’d I where the bolt of Cupid fell:&lt;br&gt;It fell upon a little western flower,&lt;br&gt;Before, milk-white, now purple with love’s wound, —&lt;br&gt;And maidens call it love-in-idleness.
I’ll put a girdle round about the earth&lt;br&gt;In forty minutes. 
My heart&lt;br&gt;Is true as steel. 
I know a bank where the wild thyme blows,&lt;br&gt;Where ox-lips and the nodding violet grows;&lt;br&gt;Quite over-canopied with luscious woodbine,&lt;br&gt;With sweet musk-roses and with eglantine.
Markup such as &lt;code&gt;&amp;lt;big&amp;gt;&lt;/code&gt; tags (which produce &lt;big&gt;big&lt;/big&gt; text), or line breaks (&lt;code&gt;&amp;lt;br /&amp;gt;&lt;/code&gt; tags) should not be used.
Do not making your signature so small that it is hard to read.
'''Of the love or hatred God has for the English, I know nothing, but I do know that they will all be thrown out of France, except those who die there.'''
'''You say that you are my judge. I do not know if you are! But I tell you that you must take good care not to judge me wrongly, because you will put yourself in great danger.''' I warn you, so that if God punishes you for it, I would have done my duty by telling you!
'''Children say that people are hung sometimes for speaking the truth.'''
'''About Jesus Christ and the Church, I simply know they're just one thing, and we shouldn't complicate the matter.'''
'''If I am not in the state of grace, may God put me there; and if I am, may God so keep me.''' 
I learned to spin and to sew; in sewing and spinning I fear no woman in Rouen.
What I said was: 'Go boldly among the English,' and I went among them, too!
The poor folk gladly came to me, for I did them no unkindness, but helped them as much as I could.
Ha! You take great care to put down in your trial everything that is against me, but you will not write down anything that is for me!
I am a good Christian, properly baptized and I will die... a good Christian.
I came from God. There is nothing more for me to do here! Send me back to God, from Whom I came!
And if I were condemned and brought to the place of judgment and I saw the torch lit and the faggots ready, and the executioner ready to kindle the fire, and if I were within the fire, yet I would say nothing else and I would maintain unto death what I have said in this trial!
I saw them with these very eyes, as well as I see you.
I am not afraid… I was born to do this.
I fear nothing, except treason.
I beg all of you standing here to forgive me the harm that I may have done you. Please pray for me.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus!
I fear nothing, for God is with me.
&quot;I just liked to kill, I wanted to kill.&quot; &lt;ref&gt;http://www.serialkillerdatabase.net/tedbundy.html&lt;/ref&gt;&lt;ref&gt;http://www.trutv.com/library/crime/serial_killers/notorious/tick/psych_6.html&lt;/ref&gt;
'''I believe I forgot to tell you I was made a Duke.'''
My heart is broken by the terrible loss I have sustained in my old friends and companions and my poor soldiers. '''Believe me, nothing except a battle lost can be half so melancholy as a battle won.'''
'''Publish and be damned.'''
'''Who? Who?'''
'''In real life, the hardest aspect of the battle between good and evil is determining which is which.'''
Tolkien made the wrong choice when he brought Gandalf back. Screw Gandalf. He had a great death and the characters should have had to go on without him.
I was always intensely Romantic, even when I was too young to understand what that meant.
Art is not a democracy. People don't get to vote on how it ends.
I've been killing characters my entire career, maybe I'm just a bloody minded bastard, I don't know, (but) when my characters are in danger, I want you to be afraid to turn the page (and to do that) you need to show right from the beginning that you're playing for keeps.
As a writer, my goal, (which I'm never going to achieve, and I know that, and no writer can achieve that,) but my goal is to make you almost live the books... '''I want you to fall through that page and feel as if these things are happening to you.'''
There are many different kinds of writers, I like to use the analogy of architects and gardeners.  There are some writers who are architects, and they plan everything, they blueprint everything, and they know before the drive the first nail into the first board what the house is going to look like and where all the closets are going to be, where the plumbing is going to run, and everything is figured out on the blueprints before they actually begin any work whatsoever.  And then there are gardeners who dig a little hole and drop a seed in and water it with their blood and see what comes up, and sort of shape it.  They sort of know what seed they've planted - whether it's an oak or an elm, or a horror story or a science fiction story, but they don't how big it's going to be, or what shape it's going to take.  I am much more a gardener than an architect.
Sure. Some of the reviews have been very flattering, but the series is not finished yet. '''The end needs to be as strong as the beginning.'''
A knight who remembered his vows.
Winter is coming.
''Valar morghulis.''
&quot;Can a man still be brave if he's afraid?&quot; &lt;br /&gt; &quot;That is the only time a man can be brave.&quot;
A ruler who hides behind paid executioners soon forgets what death is.
When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die. There is no middle ground.
The common people pray for rain, healthy children, and a summer that never ends. It is no matter to them if the high lords play their game of thrones, so long as they are left in peace. They never are.
I beg to differ. Death is so terribly final, while life is full of possibilities.
&quot;Tell me, Bronn. If I told you to kill a babe . . . an infant girl, say, still at her mother's breast . . . would you do it? Without question?&quot; &lt;/br&gt; &quot;Without question? No.&quot; The sellsword rubbed thumb and forefinger together. &quot;I'd ask how much.&quot;
There are no men like me. There's only me.
So many vows . . . they make you swear and swear. Defend the king. Obey the king. Keep his secrets. Do his bidding. Your life for his. But obey your father. Love your sister. Protect the innocent. Defend the weak. Respect the gods. Obey the laws. It's too much. No matter what you do, you're forsaking one vow or the other. 
'''You know nothing, Jon Snow.'''
&quot;Another name?  Oh, certainly.  And when the Faceless Men come to kill me, I'll say, 'No, you have the wrong man, I'm a different dwarf with a hideous facial scar.'&quot; &lt;br /&gt; Both Lannisters laughed at the absurdity of it all.
I fear what little law and order left to us by the five kings will not survive the three Queens.
Burning dead children had ceased to trouble Jon Snow; live ones were another matter.
A checked box means the user is in that group.
An unchecked box means the user is not in that group.
A * indicates that you cannot remove the group once you have added it or you cannot add the group once you have removed it.</text>
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.
 ''The Road goes ever on and on &lt;br&gt; Down from the door where it began, &lt;br&gt; Now far ahead the Road has gone, &lt;br&gt; And I must follow if I can, &lt;br&gt; Pursuing it with eager feet, &lt;br&gt; Until it joins some larger way &lt;br&gt; Where many path and errands meet. &lt;br&gt; And whither then? I cannot say''
''Three Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky, &lt;br&gt;Seven for the Dwarf-lords in their halls of stone,&lt;br&gt;Nine for Mortal Men doomed to die,&lt;br&gt;One for the Dark Lord on his dark throne &lt;br&gt;In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie. &lt;br&gt; '''One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them,&lt;br&gt; One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them''' &lt;br&gt; In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie.''
'I wish it need not have happened in my time,' said Frodo.&lt;br&gt; 'So do I,' said Gandalf, 'and so do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. '''All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.''''
What a pity that Bilbo did not stab that vile creature, when he had a chance!' &lt;br&gt; 'Pity? It was Pity that stayed his hand. Pity, and Mercy: not to strike without need. And he has been well rewarded, Frodo. Be sure that he took so little hurt from the evil, and escaped in the end, because he began his ownership of the Ring so. With Pity.'
Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends. 
He often used to say there was only one Road; that it was like a great river: its springs were at every doorstep and every path was its tributary. &quot;It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out of your door,&quot; he used to say. &quot;You step into the Road, and if you don't keep your feet, there is no telling where you might be swept off to.&quot;
''Still round the corner there may wait &lt;br&gt; A new road or a secret gate, &lt;br&gt; And though we pass them by today, &lt;br&gt; Tomorrow we may come this way &lt;br&gt; And take the hidden paths that run &lt;br&gt; Towards the Moon or to the Sun.''
The wide world is all about you: you can fence yourselves in, but you cannot for ever fence it out.
Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they are subtle and quick to anger.
'Tell me, who are you, alone, yourself and nameless?'
'Eldest, that's what I am. Mark my words, my friends: Tom was here before the river and the trees; Tom remembers the first raindrop and the first acorn. He made paths before the Big People, and saw the Little People arriving. He was here before the Kings and the graves and the Barrow-wights. When the Elves passed westward, Tom was here already, before the seas were bent. He knew the dark under the stars when it was fearless—before the Dark Lord came from Outside.'
There is a seed of courage hidden (often deeply, it is true) in the heart of the fattest and most timid hobbit, waiting for some final and desperate danger to make it grow.
'' Old Tom Bombadil is a merry fellow, &lt;br&gt; Bright blue his jacket is, and his boots are yellow. &lt;br&gt; None has ever caught him yet, for Tom, he is the master: &lt;br&gt; His songs are stronger songs, and his feet are faster.''
'''''All that is gold does not glitter, &lt;br&gt; Not all those who wander are lost'''; &lt;br&gt; The old that is strong does not wither, &lt;br&gt; Deep roots are not reached by the frost. &lt;br&gt; From the ashes a fire shall be woken, &lt;br&gt; A light from the shadows shall spring; &lt;br&gt; Renewed shall be blade that was broken, &lt;br&gt; The crownless again shall be king.''
''Gil-galad was an Elven-king. &lt;br&gt; Of him the harpers sadly sing: &lt;br&gt; the last whose realm was fair and free &lt;br&gt; between the Mountains and the Sea. &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; His sword was long, his lance was keen, &lt;br&gt; his shining helm afar was seen; &lt;br&gt; the countless stars of heaven's field &lt;br&gt; were mirrored on his silver shield. &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; But long ago he passed away, &lt;br&gt; and where he dwelleth none can say; &lt;br&gt; for into darkness fell his star &lt;br&gt; in Mordor where the shadows are.''
He is not half through yet, and to what he will come in the end not even Elrond can foretell. Not to evil, I think. He may become like a glass filled with a clear light for eyes to see that can.
I am sorry: sorry you have come in for this burden: sorry about everything. Don't adventures ever have an end? I suppose not. Someone else always has to carry on the story.
''Seek for the Sword that was broken:&lt;br&gt;In Imladris it dwells;&lt;br&gt;There shall be counsels taken&lt;br&gt;Stronger than Morgul-spells.&lt;br&gt;There shall be shown a token&lt;br&gt;That Doom is near at hand,&lt;br&gt;For Isildur's Bane shall waken,&lt;br&gt;And the Halfling forth shall stand.''
Many evil things there are that your strong walls and bright swords do not stay. You know little of the lands beyond your bounds. Peace and freedom, do you say? The North would have known them little but for us.
And yet less thanks have we than you. Travellers scowl at us, and countrymen give us scornful names. 'Strider' I am to one fat man who lives within a day's march of foes that would freeze his heart or lay his little town in ruin, if he were not guarded ceaselessly. Yet we would not have it otherwise. If simple folk are free from care and fear, simple they will be, and we must be kept secret to keep them so. 
'''He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom.'''
I think that in the end, if all else is conquered, Bombadil will fall, Last as he was First; and then Night will come.
It is not our part here to take thought only for a season, or for a few lives of Men, or for a passing age of the world. We should seek a final end of this menace, even if we do not hope to make one.
We must take a hard road, a road unforeseen. There lies our hope, if hope it be. To walk into peril — to Mordor. We must send the Ring to the Fire.
Despair is only for those who see the end beyond all doubt. We do not.
Let folly be our cloak, a veil before the eyes of the Enemy! For he is very wise, and weighs all things to a nicety in the scales of his malice. '''But the only measure that he knows is desire, desire for power; and so he judges all hearts. Into his heart the thought will not enter that any will refuse it, that having the Ring we may seek to destroy it. If we seek this, we shall put him out of reckoning.'''
Such is oft the course of deeds that move the wheels of the world: small hands do them because they must, while the eyes of the great are elsewhere.
I had thought of putting: ''and he lived happily ever afterwards to the end of his days.'' It is a good ending, and none the worse for having been used before. Now I shall have to alter that: it does not look like coming true.
In nothing is the power of the Dark Lord more clearly shown than in the estrangement that divides all those who still oppose him.
'Speak no evil of the Lady Galadriel! ' said Aragorn sternly. 'You know not what you say. There is in her and in this land no evil, unless a man bring it hither himself.'
It's the job that's never started as takes longest to finish.
I do not foretell, for all foretelling is now vain: on the one hand lies darkness, and on the other only hope. But if hope should not fail, then I say to you, Gimli son of Glóin, that your hands shall flow with gold, and yet over you gold shall have no dominion.
'Tell me, Legolas, why did I come on this Quest? Little did I know where the chief peril lay! Truly Elrond spoke, saying that we could not foresee what we might meet upon our road. Torment in the dark was the danger that I feared, and it did not hold me back. But I would have never come, had I known the danger of light and joy.'
'Memory is not what the heart desires. That is only a mirror, be it clear as Kheled-zâram. Or so says the heart of Gimli the Dwarf. Elves may see things otherwise. Indeed I have heard that for them memory is more like to the waking world than to a dream. Not so for Dwarves.'
It is no good trying to escape you. But I'm glad, Sam. I cannot tell you how glad. Come along! It is plain that we were meant to go together. We will go, and may the others find a safe road!
Before making a change  *
here, be sure to notify *
Soxred93, so he can     *
change the bot to the   *
new template.           *
Jazz is the false liquidation of art - instead of utopia becoming reality it disappears from the picture.&lt;ref&gt;http://www.quotesstar.com/quotes/t/truth-is-inseperable-from-the-250603.html&lt;/ref&gt;
&quot;Strange, isn't it? Each man's life touches so many other lives. When he isn't around he leaves an awful hole, doesn't he?&quot;
&quot;Instead of buying airplanes and playing around like some of our competitors, we've rolled almost everything back into the company.&quot;
 So tell me, is it true that men have ten toes, as is said?
 Live in the present, remember the past, and fear not the future, for it doesn't exist and never shall. There is only now.
A man knows his companion in a long journey and a little inn. 
Boldness in business is the first, second, and third thing.
''&quot;The time has come&quot;, the Walrus said, &lt;br&gt; &quot;To talk of many things: &lt;br&gt; Of shoes—and ships—and sealing wax— &lt;br&gt; Of cabbages—and Kings— &lt;br&gt; And why the Sea is boiling hot— &lt;br&gt; And whether pigs have wings.&quot; '' 
The big contemporary novel is a perpetual motion machine that appears to have been embarrassed into velocity.  It seems to want to abolish stillness, as if ashamed of silence.  Stories and sub-stories sprout on every page, and these novels continually flourish their glamorous congestion.
It is a curious thing, Harry, but perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it.
So young, to be fighting so many.
Imagine losing fingernails, Harry! That really puts our sufferings into perspective, doesn't it?
Mudblood, and proud of it!
How in the name of Merlin's pants have you managed to get your hands on those Horcrux books?
But there are twenty-eight of us and none of us is an Animagus, so we wouldn't need so much an Invisibility Cloak as an Invisibility Marquee
Housekeeping ain't no joke.
Is it not meningitis?
'''Where Claribel low-lieth&lt;br&gt; The breezes pause and die,&lt;br&gt; Letting the rose-leaves fall''':&lt;br&gt; But the solemn oak-tree sigheth,&lt;br&gt; Thick-leaved, ambrosial,&lt;br&gt; With an ancient melody&lt;br&gt; Of an inward agony,&lt;br&gt; Where Claribel low-lieth.
He often lying broad awake, and yet&lt;br&gt;Remaining from the body, and apart&lt;br&gt;In intellect and power and will, hath heard&lt;br&gt;Time flowing in the middle of the night,&lt;br&gt;And all things creeping to a day of doom.
I listened, motionless and still;&lt;br&gt;And, as I mounted up the hill,&lt;br&gt;The music in my heart I bore,&lt;br&gt;Long after it was heard no more.
A poet could not but be gay,&lt;br&gt;In such a jocund company.&lt;ref name=daffodils /&gt;
They flash upon that inward eye&lt;br&gt;Which is the bliss of solitude.&lt;ref name=daffodils /&gt;
'''The highest morality may prove also to be the highest wisdom when the half-told story comes to be finished.'''&lt;ref&gt;''The Boer War'' (1902)&lt;/ref&gt;
&quot;Speeches made to the people are essential to the arousing of enthusiasm for a war.&quot;&lt;ref&gt;Quoted in ''Talks with Mussolini'' (1932) by Emil Ludwig&lt;/ref&gt;
Science, like art, is not a copy of nature but a re-creation of her.
Obviously something is wrong with the entire argument of &quot;obviousness&quot;.
The rule of my life is to make business a pleasure and pleasure my business. 
Do not give out your password to anyone.
If your account is compromised, it could be blocked unless you can prove you are its real owner.</text>
Republicans are nothing more than Democrats with poor judgment.
'''last''' (or '''last1'''): The author's surname or last name.
'''first''' (or '''first1'''): The author's first or given name(s).
'''author-link''' (or '''author1-link'''): Title of an existing Wikipedia article about the first author.
'''last2''', '''last3''', '''last4''': The second, third, and fourth authors' surname or last name, if applicable.
'''first2''', '''first3''', '''first4''': The second, third, and fourth authors' first or given name(s), if applicable.
'''author2-link''', '''author3-link''', '''author4-link''': Title of an existing Wikipedia article about the second, third, and fourth author, if applicable.
'''date''': Date of authorship or publication.
'''title''': Title of the book.
'''edition''': Number or name of the edition, if not the first; for example: ''edition''=2nd.
'''volume''': The volume number of a multi-volume book.
'''place''' (or '''location'''): The city of publication. If more than one town/city is listed on the title page, give the first one or the location of the publisher's head office. If the city is not well-known, you may add a county, region, or state. States in the U.S. are denoted by a two-letter code; for example: &lt;code&gt;Place=Paris, TX&lt;/code&gt; (no period at the end). Where the publisher is a university and the place or location is included in the name of the university, do not use this parameter.
'''publisher''': The name of the publisher. Omit terms such as ''Publishers'', ''Co.'', ''Inc.'', ''Ltd.'', etc., but retain the words ''Books'' or ''Press''.
'''id''': Identifier such as ''&lt;nowiki&gt;ISBN 1-111-22222-9&lt;/nowiki&gt;''
'''isbn''': Use this parameter if the book has an ISBN.
'''accessdate''': Date when the url was accessed.
'''last''' (or '''last1'''): The author's surname or last name.
'''first''' (or '''first1'''): The author's first or given name(s).
'''author-link''' (or '''author1-link'''): Title of an existing Wikipedia article about the first author.
'''last2''', '''last3''', '''last4''': The second, third, and fourth authors' surname or last name, if applicable.
'''first2''', '''first3''', '''first4''': The second, third, and fourth authors' first or given name(s), if applicable.
'''author2-link''', '''author3-link''', '''author4-link''': Title of an existing Wikipedia article about the second, third, and fourth author, if applicable.
'''date''': Date of authorship or publication.
'''title''': Title of the book.
'''periodical''' (or '''journal''', '''newspaper''', '''magazine'''): Name of the periodical.
'''volume''': The volume number of the journal.
'''issue''' (or '''number'''): The issue number of the journal.
'''pages''' (''optional''): The pages in the issue where the article may be found.
'''accessdate''': Date when the url was accessed.
'''last''' (or '''last1'''): The first author's surname or last name.
'''first''' (or '''first1'''): The first author's first or given name(s).
'''author-link''' (or '''author1-link'''): Title of an existing Wikipedia article about the first author.
'''last2''', '''last3''', '''last4''': The second, third, and fourth authors' surname or last name, if applicable.
'''first2''', '''first3''', '''first4''': The second, third, and fourth authors' first or given name(s), if applicable.
'''author2-link''', '''author3-link''', '''author4-link''': Title of an existing Wikipedia article about the second, third, and fourth author, if applicable.
'''date''': Date of authorship or publication.
'''publication-date''': Date of publication (if different than ''date'').
'''contribution''' (or '''chapter'''): Title of the contribution or chapter.
'''contribution-url''' (or '''chapter-url'''): URL of the contribution or chapter.
'''editor-last''' (or '''editor1-last'''): The first editor's surname or last name.
'''editor-first''' (or '''editor2-first'''): The first editor's first or given name(s).
'''editor-link''' (or '''editor1-link'''): Title of an existing Wikipedia article about the first editor.
'''editor2-last''', '''editor3-last''', '''editor4-last''': The second, third, and fourth editor' surname or last name, if applicable.
'''editor2-first''', '''editor3-first''', '''editor4-first''': The second, third, and fourth editors' first or given name(s), if applicable.
'''editor2-link''', '''editor3-link''', '''editor4-link''': Title of an existing Wikipedia article about the second, third, and fourth editor, if applicable.
'''title''': Title of the book or compilation.
'''edition''': Number or name of the edition, if not the first; for example: ''edition''=2nd.
'''volume''': The volume number of a multi-volume book or compilation.
'''place''' (or '''location'''): The place where the article, encyclopedia entry, or other included item was created. Usually, this is collective work's city of publication; if not, then use the separate ''publication-place'' parameter. If more than one town/city is listed on the title page, give the first one or the location of the publisher's head office. If the city is not well-known, you may add a county, region, or state. States in the U.S. are denoted by a two-letter code; for example: &lt;code&gt;place=Paris, TX&lt;/code&gt; (no period at the end). Where the publisher is a university and the place or location is included in the name of the university, do not use this parameter.
'''publication-place'''. The place where the collective work was published (if different from ''place'' or ''location'').
'''publisher''': The name of the publisher. Omit terms such as ''Publishers'', ''Co.'', ''Inc.'', ''Ltd.'', etc., but retain the words ''Books'' or ''Press''.
'''id''': Identifier such as ''&lt;nowiki&gt;ISBN 1-111-22222-9&lt;/nowiki&gt;''
'''isbn''': Use this parameter if the book or compilation has an ISBN.
'''accessdate''': Date when the url was accessed.
'''last''' (or '''last1'''): The first author's surname or last name.
'''first''' (or '''first1'''): The first author's first or given name(s).
'''author-link''' (or '''author1-link'''): Title of an existing Wikipedia article about the first author.
'''last2''', '''last3''', '''last4''': The second, third, and fourth authors' surname or last name, if applicable.
'''first2''', '''first3''', '''first4''': The second, third, and fourth authors' first or given name(s), if applicable.
'''author2-link''', '''author3-link''', '''author4-link''': Title of an existing Wikipedia article about the second, third, and fourth author, if applicable.
'''date''': Date of authorship or publication.
'''publication-date''': Date of publication (if different than ''date'').
'''contribution''' (or '''chapter'''): Title of the contribution or chapter.
'''contribution-url''' (or '''chapter-url'''): URL of the contribution or chapter.
'''editor-last''' (or '''editor1-last'''): The first editor's surname or last name.
'''editor-first''' (or '''editor2-first'''): The first editor's first or given name(s).
'''editor-link''' (or '''editor1-link'''): Title of an existing Wikipedia article about the first editor.
'''editor2-last''', '''editor3-last''', '''editor4-last''': The second, third, and fourth editor' surname or last name, if applicable.
'''editor2-first''', '''editor3-first''', '''editor4-first''': The second, third, and fourth editors' first or given name(s), if applicable.
'''editor2-link''', '''editor3-link''', '''editor4-link''': Title of an existing Wikipedia article about the second, third, and fourth editor, if applicable.
'''title''': Title of the book or compilation.
'''periodical''' (or '''journal''', '''newspaper''', '''magazine'''): Name of the periodical.
'''volume''': The volume number of the journal.
'''issue''' (or '''number'''): The issue number of the journal.
'''pages''' (''optional''): The pages in the issue where the article may be found.
'''place''' (or '''location'''): The place where the article, encyclopedia entry, or other included item was created. Usually, this is collective work's city of publication; if not, then use the separate ''publication-place'' parameter. If more than one town/city is listed on the title page, give the first one or the location of the publisher's head office. If the city is not well-known, you may add a county, region, or state. States in the U.S. are denoted by a two-letter code; for example: &lt;code&gt;place=Paris, TX&lt;/code&gt; (no period at the end). Where the publisher is a university and the place or location is included in the name of the university, do not use this parameter.
'''publication-place'''. The place where the collective work was published (if different from ''place'' or ''location'').
'''id''': Identifier such as ''&lt;nowiki&gt;ISBN 1-111-22222-9&lt;/nowiki&gt;''
'''accessdate''': Date when the url was accessed.
Were kisses all the joys in bed, one woman would another wed. 
The problem is that God gives men a brain and a penis, and only enough blood to run one at a time   
When authorities warn you of the sinfulness of sex, there is an important lesson to be learned. Do not have sex with the authorities. 
The more time you spend talking about what you have been doing, the less time you have to do what you have been talking about.  Eventually, you spend more and more time talking about less and less until finally you spend all of your time talking about nothing.
'''How can I possibly put a new idea into your heads, if I do not first remove your delusions?'''
'''One can judge from experiment, or one can blindly accept authority. To the scientific mind, experimental proof is all important and theory is merely a convenience in description, to be junked when it no longer fits.''' To the academic mind, authority is everything and facts are junked when they do not fit theory laid down by authority.
Pages must not be stubs and must contain at least 10 quotes
All quotes should have Simple versions or meanings
Pages must have a sufficient lead
All quotes must be sourced
'''We love the things we love for what they are.'''
&quot;Society is ''rotten''. It will only be changed when the people see the ''greed'', ''arrogance'' and ''brutality'' of those who rule them!&quot;&lt;ref&gt;Alan Grant (w), Dev Madan (p), Rick Burchett (i). &quot;Anarky&quot; ''The Batman Adventures'' (31) (April 1995), DC Comics&lt;/ref&gt;
&quot;Batman's ''misguided''. He fights the ''results'' of crime, but not the ''causes''. He takes on individual cases... but he ''fails'' to see the ''wider picture!''&quot;&lt;ref&gt;Grant, Alan (w), Johnson, Staz (p), Smith, Cam (i). &quot;Anarky: Tomorrow Belongs to Us&quot; ''The Batman Chronicles'' (1) (Summer 1995), New York City, NY: DC Comics&lt;/ref&gt;
&quot;He's a straight-a student... Cocky -- confident -- thought he knew all the answers, had to do it his way.  Yet I can't help but ''admire'' him.&quot;&lt;ref name=&quot;DC #six zero nine&quot;/&gt;
&quot;I know you alright &amp;mdash; A 14-year-old genius who thinks his extremist ideals justify any crime.&quot;&lt;ref&gt;Alan Grant, John Wagner (w), Tom Lyle (p), Scott Hanna (i). &quot;The Anarky Ultimatum&quot; ''Robin Annual'' (1) (1992), DC Comics&lt;/ref&gt;
&quot;...Norm and I (like I said, we’re very different people) agree with Anarky’s perception of what’s wrong with the world. It is something we feel very strongly about. Although we want the book to be very entertaining, as all comic books have to be, we’re trying to say something else; there is another viewpoint of the world from another direction. You might see that you’re being conned. It is quite difficult to present that in an entertaining fashion. We’ve succeeded, I think, largely in part to Norman’s artwork. It’s as dynamic as anything I’ve ever seen him do. He draws ''Anarky'' as if he loves the character.&quot;&lt;ref name=&quot;State of Anarky&quot;/&gt;
